What's fueling this market is the cloud
titans.
>> Everyone's piling on. Everyone wants to
grab as much as they can.
>> You have to be invested. At the same
time, you don't want to forget the other
areas of the market.
>> After this equity rally, I think you
have to think about rebalancing.
>> And if this falls off the tracks, you're
going to see a major market correction.
>> This is Bloomberg Surveillance with
Jonathan Pharaoh, Lisa Abramowitz, and
An Marie Hordern.
Live from New York City this morning.
Good morning. Good morning for our
audience worldwide. Bloomberg
surveillance starts right now. Coming
into Wednesday on a 9-day winning
streak, shaking off another round of
strikes between the US and Iran as
SpaceX is reportedly moving to fix its
IPO and move fast. Investors remain
focused on the earnings from Mega Tech.
Broadcom up next.
>> Yeah, it has been all about the
earnings, which is the reason why we've
had nine consecutive days of gains, the
longest in about a year. If we make it
day 10, that would be the longest going
back to 1995. When you take a look what
we got from Palo Alto, a data security
company, beating expectations, handily
raising once again, people getting
enthusiastic. Marll, all we had to hear
was Jensen Wong coming out saying, "I
think it's a great company. It's going
to go to a trillion." And everyone said,
"Yeah, let's go." So, do the earnings
continue to verify the story that
everyone's buying into, which can keep
supporting some of the moves that we're
seeing in the
>> We talk about the confidence as well.
SpaceX. The confidence of SpaceX. Demand
is so high, they're just going to fix
the price, according to Reuters, before
the road show even starts. Demand is so
great, the banks are clamoring for a
slice of the action. They're just going
to absolutely crush the fees the banks
are getting.
>> Yeah,
>> that is some serious confidence.
>> $135 a share, that's what it's going to
be. Usually, there's sort of a gaming
out period of time. That's the reason
why bankers earn their fees. Maybe this
is one way that SpaceX is trying to
lower that fee to below 1%. Which is
incredibly low, historically low for the
banks that are underwriting this. It
does highlight though how much leverage
has shifted because how many banks want
to underwrite this? And the fact that
SpaceX is the behemoth in the room shows
that they've got a lot of market power.
>> More on that story a little bit later
this morning. Check out this one too.
Brent and WTI at the moment higher by
3%. WTI around 97. Brent getting closer
and closer to 100. What is a ceasefire
if they're still firing? Well, this is
my question to the administration. At
what point do you decide that actually
the ceasefire is over? The US military,
according to SenCom, overnight struck
down multiple Iranian ballistic missiles
and drones that were headed towards
Bahrain and Kuwait. At the same time,
Sen Conam earlier, they also went
towards an unladen tanker that wanted to
refill a card island. So clearly,
there's a lot of kinetic activity, but
they're holding on to the idea that we
still have a ceasefire. I wonder where
this market would be if we didn't have
the conflict in Iran as well as brand
new fresh tariffs from USR.
>> It's the story that Lisa doesn't want to
talk about. Lisa, it's the story that
won't go away over in the Middle East.
>> The kinetic strikes that are not
breaking the ceasefire yet. Seem very
close to breaking a ceasefire. It's
actually active strikes at some of the
neighboring countries. It's getting
closer to a breaking point. Nobody wants
to analyze it because you can't analyze
it. But at the same time, if you listen
to some of the commodity strategists
that were saying we're getting close to
tank bottoms, you take a look at
people's driving plans. Sure. Whether
it's upstate, whether it's cross
country,
>> you got plans,
>> it could get really expensive this
summer.
>> Crude starting to build just again
approaching 100 on Brent. Yields are
higher as well. Twos out to 30s. Twos
this morning up by four basis points.
10's this morning up by four. Also, the
data so far this week has been pretty
strong. ISM manufacturing better than
expected. Job openings, some serious
data there. We'll spend some time on
that later this morning. Then we get ADP
claims, payrolls, but so far so good.
>> Yeah. To the point where people are
wondering if you could trust the data. I
know that that's what always happens,
but ADP came in. Job openings hit their
highest level going back to May of
20124. The ratio of job openings to
unemployed individuals reached the
highest since 2025, but quits actually
fell. So people aren't quitting, but
there seem to be all these job openings.
So try to square the circle.
>> We'll try to do that later this morning.
Looking forward to doing that. Head of
payros this Friday. Coming up this hour,
we'll catch up with Cam Dawson of New
Edge Wealth as AI demand powers the
equity rally. Dan Ies of Wedbush as
SpaceX is pricing its record-breaking
IPO. And Drew Mattis of Metife as labor
market resilience lifts rate hike bets.
We begin this hour with stocks looking
to build on a record-breaking 9-day
winning streak. Cameron Dawson of New
Edge Wealth writing, "You can't stop the
beats with earnings beats and raises
continuing to be the justification for
new highs in equity markets." Cam joins
us for more. Cameron, good morning.
>> Good morning.
>> It's good to see you. Look, the
fundamental story I think is well
understood at this point. The earnings
have been super super powerful. Where is
the more speculative story emerging for
you?
>> Oh, well, we've seen an incredible rally
in the most speculative portions of the
market. Look at the Goldman Sachs
unprofitable tech index up 15% in last
week alone. It's up 65% since the March
lows. You look at the cohort of space
names, most of them are unprofitable.
They're up 100% year-to date. If you
look at the Russell 2500, the leaders in
that index are all coming from very
unprofitable names. If you take out or
if you look at the names that are
actually generating profit and and up uh
and and trading at a discount, they're
only up about 8%. So if you're a
highquality name, you've been sitting
out on you've been sitting out on this
rally. So the question is how much can
this speculative portion of markets
continue?
>> So we got some froth. You've identified
it. Technicals are stretched. People
have talked about that endlessly over
the last two months or so. Is that
enough reason to sit this out?
>> No, it's not because the earnings
picture is so very strong. But I think
what we have to appreciate with the
earnings story is two really big things.
The first one is the upside in the
hyperscaler capex. This time last year,
we were expecting hyperscaler capex to
be up 10%. That number today is 80%. So
you remember that one man's capex is
another man's profit. And that brings
you to the other really important point
about this earnings story, which is that
we are in an operating leverage boom
driven by the semiconductors. These are
typically high operating leverage
businesses, which just means that a
little bit of sales growth generates a
lot of earnings growth. And you've seen
that because margins for semiconductors
have expanded from 30% just 9 months ago
to 45% today. So, because we're seeing
this increase in sales, it's causing a
huge boom in profits. But what we have
to watch is that if sales slow down a
little bit, what you could see is this
deleveraging of operating profits that
could cause earnings growth to not be as
robust as we look into 2027.
>> I feel like we should have a bell that
dings every time someone says earnings.
Earnings ding, you know, you think
drinking game.
>> Wrong show. Brema.
>> Okay. Well, we could we could we could
for drink, but you never know.
>> You know, drinking coffee. Um there is
an ultimate question. Is it just going
to be an earnings deceleration that's
going to potentially drive some sort of
correction to this or could it just be
by virtue of the supply that's coming to
market?
>> Oh, I think that's a that's a really
interesting and important point because
we've been in a world for the last few
years where we've seen equity supply
effectively falling. We've seen much
more buybacks than we've seen any new
equity issuance. At the same time, as
equity demand has been very strong
simply because we pushed so much
liquidity into the system during the
COVID era. So we learn in economics 101
when supply drops and demand goes up
prices go up. So now we're in an
environment where supply is certainly
going up whether it's from the IPOs or
the Google issuance and that just
suggests that there is a lot of supply
for this market to take down and the
question is is there the incremental
demand to absorb all this incremental
supply. So it very much is what we would
think of as a Shakespearean sea change
when it comes to that supply demand
balance for the equity market. How do
you clear space to participate in some
of these IPOs? Do you I mean, how do you
sort of understand what to sell in order
to play ball right now?
>> Yeah. Well, the indices are forced to
and I think that that's probably one of
the most important points is that the
indices are now being forced to put a
weight in these names and mostly for the
NASDAQ where there's going to be a
multiplier on the float for a name like
SpaceX. I think the question for us is
that we will stick to our knitting when
it comes to valuation, discipline, and
quality. And you look a name like SpaceX
trading at what could be 80 to 100 times
sales on sales that have been growing
about 30%, they decelerated to 15% back
in the first quarter. But when you trade
at 80 to 100 times sales, even when
those sales actually become something
that becomes reality, the problem is you
have to grow into that wholesome
multiple. Palunteer is a great example
of this. Palunteer traded to 90 time
sales in the middle of last year during
that big huge rally we had and then the
sales came. Sales are going to grow 72%
this year but the stock has been flat
because we've had to grow into that high
price to sales multiple. So for us as
quality investors will always stay
balanced with that that valuation
discipline.
>> Cameron though do you think it's
uncomfortable that I mean the Bank of
America fund manager survey showed this
record inflow most overweight position
since 20 2002 into equities. Is it
uncomfortable that everyone is there?
>> Well, what's fascinating is that we are
seeing those inflows because people are
having to chase. If you look at the
Deutsche Bank consolidated equity
positioning index, it's only in the 61st
percentile and that has gone into the
danger zone. If you go back to late
2021, you were in the 90th percent. So,
there are signs that institutions have
somewhat sat on the sidelines of this
rally. I don't think that you can say
the same thing for households. Household
equity allocations are still at all-time
highs. If you look at things like the
put call ratio, that speaks to some of
that complacency and already there put
call ratios are incredibly low, which
just means that nobody is caring about
downside protection right now. So the
balance of overall of overall
positioning is that it's not enough to
be a tailwind of this market, but it's
probably not quite enough to be an
absolute headwind like we got to back at
the end of 2021. To Lisa's point though,
where are people selling? Is it other
equities or are they just maybe selling
things like crypto, treasury to make
sure they can get into some of these
high-fires? The fact that crypto is
sitting out on this risk on rally does
suggest that people are potentially
using that as liquidity to chase other
areas of the market because look, we
know that there are a lot of momentum
traders out there that are just chasing
strong returns. So potentially that is
the area where people are using that as
liquidity to chase into in into
something like SpaceX.
>> Cam Dawson is going to stick with us.
We're getting some headlines from the
president of the United States in an
interview with a podcast getting some of
the headlines released from that
particular conversation that Iran
according to the president has agreed
they won't have a nuclear weapon. The
headlines continue to pour out. We could
have the blockade of Iran lifted by
Labor Day. For those of you outside the
United States, Labor Day is September,
which is a number of months away still
on a deal with Iran. We're working on
that deal and the Ayatollah is involved
in the talks. To what extent and how? No
information on that this morning, but
those headlines drop in just moments
ago.
>> Yeah. And what's also interesting is
that Trump said he never thought of
meeting any Iranian leaders, but he
probably meet with them depending on the
outcome of whatever comes of this deal.
The point on Labor Day is really
important. That means that if you don't
think the blockade's going to be lifted
till the end of the summer, that means
we're going to have potentially a very
difficult summer when it comes to higher
oil prices and that of course trickles
down to higher gasoline prices.
>> This morning on Brent 98, we've had a
series of strikes over the last week
exchanging strikes once again between
the US and Iran overnight. WTI this
morning, Bremo just short of 96.
>> This is moving the ball again and again.
Usually it's weekly in increments. It's
not usually monthly increments. If it
truly is until Labor Day that there is a
full blockade or a significant one, that
would cause a material change in the
market expectations. You're not seeing
that this morning. So, clearly people
are not reading it literally in that
way.
>> There is a commitment to deescalation
clearly because even though they
exchanged fire with each other, they
tell us there's a ceasefire. At the same
time, there's very little evidence for a
real breakthrough here in talks. And I
don't mean this in a snarky fashion at
all. This straight was meant to reopen
on April 17th. And since April 17th,
when the straight did not reopen, we've
heard the same headlines again and again
and again, reheated once more this
morning.
>> The idea that this could go on for
another couple of months at a time when
you already have inventories that have
been buffering the uh shock of this that
are drawn down almost to completion.
Diesel inventories in the United States,
the lowest levels going back to 2003. at
the time that we're heading into the
busiest driving and travel season of the
year gives you a sense of what's at
stake and why you've got the likes of
Mike Worth getting very concerned about
this.
>> Maybe that nonlinear move in energy if
we get it. Maybe that forces the issue
and we'll see a breakthrough pretty
quickly. We're not there yet. Futures
this morning on the S&P down by just a
tenth of 1%. Let's give you an update on
stories worldwide this morning with your
Bloomberg brief. Isabelle Lee has more.
Hey Isabelle.
>> Hi John. US forces intercepted Iranian
ballistic missiles and drones aimed at
neighboring Middle East countries and
struck a command center in Iran in
response. The exchange follows days of
Israeli military escalation against
Iranbacked Hezbollah in Lebanon.
Turkey says it expects President Trump
to attend the NATO summit in Ankara next
month. Alliance leaders are gathering on
July 7 and 8 amid concerns over
Washington's long-term commitment to
European security. and SpaceX planning
to set the terms of its IPO as early as
today. Reuters reporting the company is
aiming to sell shares at $135 a piece
for a record-breaking $75 billion
offering. The company is reserving 30%
of its shares for retail investors,
three times the historical norm for
major listing. That's your Bloomberg
brief. John
>> Isabelle, thank you. Thanks for the
update. More from Isabelle later on this
morning. Up next on the program, not
begging for a deal.
We are the strongest nation on the
planet earth and we're in a stalemate
with Iran and now we're begging to get
back into a deal that you all trashed in
the first place.
>> There's no one begging.
>> Up next, we'll catch up with Bloomberg's
Air Abu Amar live from New York City
this morning. Good morning.
More economic data a little bit later on
this morning. Look out for a read on
jobs from ADP. It follows a really
strong ISM earlier this week. ISM
manufacturing expanded at the fastest
pace in some four years. Job openings
just yesterday, exceeding all estimates.
The details, as Bremo pointed out, maybe
not as convincing. Look out for the data
a little bit later on. Equity futures at
the moment on the S&P 500 pulling back
just a touch. We're down by a tenth of
1% on the S&P following a 9-day winning
run. Unreal. And to Bremo's point, you
make it day 10. I was scanning through
the numbers on the Bloomberg terminal as
well yesterday. I crunched them once,
twice, three times just to make sure
back to the 1990s. If you make it day
10,
>> these trends are unlikely to happen and
to persist the way that they have. It's
not very common in history, which is why
you've got the likes of Jonathan Kinsky
saying, "Okay, guys, this is the top.
It's all going to go downhill from here
and we're going to hear from him later
today. But he's alone. There are not
many people saying that because when you
ask them, does this worry you? Sure. But
earnings, earnings, earnings, and the
earnings keep coming in strong.
>> Different seat. I think if you are a
technical strategist right now and
you're looking at the market exclusively
through that lens, things look
stretched. But if you're focused on the
bottom fundamentals, things look pretty
decent right now. And earnings have
absolutely crushed estimates so far.
Some better news in the bond market as
well at the long end of the curve times
like the last two three months I would
say the long ends felt a bit untethered
in its own world maybe a little bit out
of control to some extent as well the
30-year over the last few sessions the
last nine in fact has been falling so
some encouraging signs of bid coming
back in at the back end of the curve
>> yeah perhaps helped by the fact that
people do have faith in ceasefire at
some point leading to a reopening of the
straight of moose but also a bit more
hawkish rhetoric coming from Fed
officials This is notable to me. What we
heard yesterday from Beth Hammock of the
Cleveland Federal Reserve talking about
the potential to have to hike rates to
prevent higher or more severe action
later on was really taken up as notable
in a market that now is pricing in more
than a 70% chance of a rate hike by the
end of the year.
>> The meeting two weeks today. Looking
forward to that, aren't we? Crude right
now up by 2% just short of 99 on Brain
Crude, 96 this morning on WTI. And
survives this morning, not begging for a
deal.
>> We are the strongest nation on the
planet Earth and we're in a stalemate
with Iran. And now we're begging to get
back into a deal that you all trashed in
the first place.
>> There's no one begging. They have agreed
to negotiate aspects of their nuclear
program that just a month ago or just a
a year ago they were refusing to even
mention.
>> So here's the latest this morning. The
Secretary of State Marco Rubio on
Capitol Hill defending the US war effort
in Iran as President Donald Trump tells
the New York Post this morning that tan
has agreed not to have a nuclear weapon.
Joining us now from Dubai is Air Abu
Amar. Air, welcome to the program. We've
heard the same headlines, read the same
thing for months. You're sitting in the
region. Can you point to any signs of
real progress between the two sides?
>> No real signs as as of this morning.
John, good morning. So, look, I mean, I
was looking at the headlines coming onto
the set with what President Trump said
about Iran not seeking a nuclear weapon,
which quite frankly is what Iran has
been saying over the past few years, not
even just the past few months. Uh, Iran
maintains that it is not seeking a
nuclear weapon for external purposes,
but for civilian purposes. Now,
President Trump did tell ABC yesterday
that he is asking Iran for written
concessions about its uh highlyenriched
uranium. Iran has in the past said that
it's given verbal concessions and that
it was willing to send its
highlyenriched uranium to a third
country. Talks about Russia or China or
Pakistan have come up. But now he's also
saying that the blockade on the straight
of Hermuz may be lifted by September.
That makes me question the interim deal
that we've been talking about over the
past couple of months or so, certainly
since this temporary ceasefire was
reached. Now, the interim deal that Iran
and the United States have been
negotiating over the past couple of
months indicates that the straight of
Hermuz would reopen imminently and then
the ongoing ceasefire would be extended
for 60 days and some of the concessions
in the wider negotiation would be uh
talked about at a later stage. That
obviously includes Iran's frozen assets,
oil sanctions, and the highlyenriched
uranium. And this also comes at a time
where hostilities have picked up again.
We just heard overnight in Kuwait and
Bahain sirens picking up Kuwait's main
airport had suffered serious damages.
Kuwait just about an hour ago reporting
that one person was killed, several
injured. It suspended its flights and
that is because of uh Iran's attacks
through drones and missiles on Kuwait.
Iran's uh own foreign ministry came out
and said that the leaders of those two
Gulf countries have themselves to take
responsibility. Not sure what that
indicates, but Iran has been throwing
fingers over Gulf leaders since the
start of this war, saying that they
harbor those American bases and they are
legitimate targets. So, look, I mean,
the prospects for this interim deal that
we spoke that we've been speaking about
since April are fragile. They continue
to be fragile, but we'll monitor the
developments over the next day or so.
>> If you're in QA, it certainly doesn't
feel like a ceasefire right now, I'm
sure. Air, appreciate your time.
Bloomberg's Air Abu Amar joining us on
set still, Cam Dawson of New Edge
Wealth. Can this market put this issue
in a box a long time ago? Is that issue
going to stay in that box?
>> It all depends if it starts to show up
in earnings. The reason that the market
can ignore what's going on in the Middle
East is because earnings have been so
robust driven by something that's not at
all related to the Middle East. But the
question is if we continue to see oil
prices and mostly gasoline and diesel
prices move higher, that's where we
start asking the questions about demand
destruction from an earnings line. You
are seeing demand destruction when it
comes to GDP forecasts, not just in
places like Europe, but in the US. If
you look at US GDP forecasts, you've
seen them revised down by about 30 basis
points year to date. And all of that is
coming from the household consumption
line. It's being offset by private fixed
investment, which of course we know is
related to the AI buildout. But the
reality is that the weakness that we're
seeing in the consumer is just not
translating into weakness into the
earnings, which is why this equity
market is able to close its eyes and
just be happy. Do you think that people
putting this story in a box is the
reason why people feel so complacent
about inflation? They say when it gets
resolved, inflation will go away and
aren't necessarily thinking about the
inflationary pressures coming from
places elsewhere that will be sustained
regardless of what happens in the Middle
East.
>> Is that inflation coming from elsewhere?
Potentially inflation coming from higher
durable goods prices. If we're talking
about higher tariffs, we've seen durable
goods inflation go up and remain up over
the course of the last year. And that
could be another area where we're seeing
this stickiness in inflation. You know,
the fact that the bond market is still
expecting and still has longer run
inflation expectations, break evens
being so contained just means that the
law the bond market still very much
believes that the Fed is going to fight
this inflation, which is maybe showing
up in the fact that there's that 72%
chance of a hike by the end of the year.
But if inflation goes up and remains up,
certainly we don't have that priced into
yields and certainly we don't have that
priced into the equity market.
>> Do you think that that's a plausible
outcome enough to maybe divert away from
both bonds and frankly cash? Do you get
the sense that people are going into
equities as a haven against inflation as
much as anything else?
>> Well, equities have longer run been this
way to hide out from inflation in a
sense because earnings are a nominal
number. And so as we saw back in a time
like 2021, earnings benefited from
higher inflation. I think the real
question is is right now the the equity
market does not think that the Fed is
going to become an adversary, meaning
that they're not going to pull the punch
bowl away. They're not going to raise
rates all that much that we have kind of
a a popping of this more speculative
area which we know is sensitive to
liquidity. After all, you still have
money supply growth that's in the 5%
level. You have bank lending that's in
the high single digits. You have easy
financial conditions. All of this
suggests that the Fed is not at all
tight right now, at least from the
purview of the equity market. So if the
Fed switches into a more adver ad
adversarial position because of higher
stickier inflation, could we have a
redux of effectively what happened in
2022 where you saw people kind of get
anticipate this adversarial Fed and you
saw a big unwind in these more
speculative liquidity sensitive areas.
>> Not happening right now. The Fed's been
given plenty of opportunity to turn
hawish and all we're talking about is
removing an easing bus. The ECB is about
to hype next week. the ECB, certain
officials, I pointed out one in the last
week, already having a conversation
about the second hike before they've
even hiked interest rates and we're
talking about a removal of the easing
bias at the Federal Reserve.
>> Yeah. And Kit Jukes seems to suggest
that this is doing the wrong thing at
exactly the wrong time. And haven't we
learned at the same time a single
mandate central bank and in the United
States? The fact that they're still
talking about removing an easing bias at
the time when a market is moving beyond.
I think that this is the important
point. The market is ahead of the Fed.
If the Fed gets ahead of the market,
does that change the narrative in terms
of being an adversary to some of the
froth that's been building up?
>> As soon as this meeting, the Financial
Times is reporting that a bunch of
former Fed officials are saying that
they think Kevin Walsh is not going to
put a dot on that plot.
>> No dot plot.
>> No dot plot for rebel. Just for the Fed
chair.
>> Okay. It's going to be interesting news
conference, isn't it?
>> Wild assertive, right?
>> No. Get a dot.
>> Hey, you watch how excited you'll get in
two weeks time.
It'll be breaking news.
>> Don't try and act cool. Biggest nerd in
here as well.
>> Cam, thank you. It's good to see you as
always. Up next, Dan Wedbush on the
SpaceX IPO.
Stocks this morning pulling back by just
a tenth of 1% on the S&P. The next stop
for the earning story, Broadcom, a
little bit later. The next stop for the
data, ADP, a little bit later this
morning. We'll get that at 8:15 Eastern
time. Look out for that. Stocks on the
NASDAQ 100 up by 0.2%. Great run of
gains on a weekly basis, on a daily
basis as well. We've talked about this
9-day win streak over the 9 days on the
S&P at least only up by around 3.6%. So,
not a massive move higher. You'll find
that elsewhere. Actually, the
outperformance has come from small caps,
believe it or not. Not talked about
enough, I don't think. In the bond
market, twos, tens, 30s look like this
this morning. Yields higher by three
basis points, 4.08%.
To Brammo's point, data at the headline
level, better than expected. The Fed
speak, it's been a touch hawkish as
well. We've heard from the hawkish
members at least, including Beth Hammock
of Cleveland. On top of that, this move
in crude WTI and Brent once again just a
slow grind back towards 100 on Brent.
Three days of this now up by 2.7% 9850
this morning. Yeah, although holding on
to some of the losses that we had seen
as people got more optimistic about a
deal, which is really part of what's
driving both the small cap
outperformance until today as well as
the bond yield move lower until today.
Do we get a reversal of that? The fact
that we're not getting a wholesale
reversal of that tells you something
about sentiment. No one wants to get
away from this sort of nirvana trade
where you're going to have earnings
balloon higher. You're going to see some
sort of disinflation as the resolution
of the situation in Iran comes to
fruition at some point somewhere. and
then we can move toward a a really
wonderful end of the year. Are there
potential sticking points? Jonathan
Kinsky, I'm sure we'll have some.
>> I think the president is now setting
parameters though in this interview with
the New York Post. He says, "I don't
know. I mean, it could be closed through
Labor Day, but I think it's unlikely."
So, he wants it to be opened sooner,
meaning the trade of the Hermus would
open, then the blockade, the United
States would lift. He has control over
that blockade, but he's telling the
market it could be closed until Labor
Day, aka we might have a very long
summer ahead of us.
>> That's a six-month closure in total if
we get that block eight for Iran. You
assume the rest of the straight is also
blocked because Iran is not going to
play ball. The conversation for the bond
market inflation, I think, has gone
beyond Iran. Conversation in fixed
income has really changed and I think
the last four weeks people are beginning
to strip out the issue in in the
straight. the issue in the Middle East,
the issue in the energy market and say
even if we resolve that, I don't think
the conversation around this Federal
Reserve changes too much with regards to
inflation being above target for the
time being and a more hawkish shift in
the committee building some momentum.
>> I remember when people used to come on
the show and say AI and the buildout
will be disinflationary.
>> Yeah.
>> How many people now come on the show and
they say 100% this is inflationary. It
might be disinflationary in 3, four, 5
years, but right now all the signs are
pointing in that way. But it's not just
that. Ulta Beauty came out yesterday
with earnings. You take a look at the
transactions. Yes, they've increased.
Guess what increased even more? Their
profit margins. They're able to increase
prices, have higher prices, margins on
makeup, on discretionary goods, the
ultimate discretionary goods, which
gives you a sense consumers are still
spending and willing to absorb this.
>> There's a sequencing problem and within
the sequencing problem, there's a
confidence issue. So, the first phase is
where people have the most confidence.
We're going to get the inflation first.
Then maybe and I stress maybe you get
the disinflation next but people don't
have much confidence about that. So you
go with the confidence issue and the
confidence issue is higher prices and
higher inflation.
>> This is the reason why Jackson Hole is
going to be fascinating with Kevin Worsh
coming through with a policy dis
discussion.
>> You think first the dot now no Jackson
Hole.
>> I've got that's actually that's wow. I
don't think you can assume anything
right now about what the future of
communication from this Federal Reserve
is going to look like under new
leadership.
>> My mind's blown.
>> Right.
>> I don't think I can.
>> Now you're upset because you've missing
the trip to Wyoming. Right now it
matters to me. Actually, the dot didn't
register too much with the visit to
Jackson now that not true. But no, I
think that it's important. We need to
have his worldview because if not, then
people are going to think that he can do
that in a speech anytime, anywhere he
likes.
>> I welcome a speech anytime, anywhere. If
he decides not to go, I will still
listen to that speech. Okay. All right.
That's the line for Bremo, just in case
you're over at the Fed listening this
morning. Jackson Hole. Jackson Ho.
>> No, I think it Okay,
no, I actually think that it's important
for him to lay out his views. If it's
somewhere else, that's fine.
>> Okay, 3 hours away from the open about.
Let's get you some single names. Yhara
has more. Hey, Yhara.
>> Hi, John. We are seeing shares of Marvel
Technology soaring 11 and a half% in the
pre-market. still getting a boost from
Nvidia CEO Jensen Wong's comments that
this could be the next trillion dollar
company. Those comments helping to fuel
the stock's biggest one-day jump since
2000. And notably, that was when the
stock first started trading after its
IPO. Uh Marll on track for a fifth
straight day of gains. Uh meanwhile,
despite a beat and a raise quarter, we
are seeing shares of the cyber security
company Pelo Alto falling 3.2% in the
pre-market. a reflection of just how
high expectations were heading into the
earnings with the stock up some 60% year
to date. Uh and we end on private equity
with firms like KKR and uh Blackstone
under pressure on that news at the Swiss
firm uh Partners Group limited
withdrawals on one of its private equity
funds. And the concern here is that more
investors may be looking to pull money
out of private equity at a time when
those firms are having a tough time
selling assets and returning cash to
shareholders and uh after similar
redemption requests and private credit.
This is just adding to liquidity
concerns. John
>> Yhara, thank you. Thanks for the update.
More from Yihara in the next hour on our
radar this morning. President Trump
telling the New York Post that Iran has
agreed not to have a nuclear weapon. And
the president also saying the US could
lift its blockade on Iranian imports by
Labor Day. Elsewhere, the White House
proposing new tariffs starting at 10% on
imports from top trading partners. It's
the biggest move to restore the
president's trade policy since the
Supreme Court struck down the earlier
levies. And finally, more details
emerging on the SpaceX IPO. The company
reportedly aiming to sell over 500
million shares at 135 a piece for its
record-breaking $75 billion IPO. SpaceX
looking to pay razor thin fees to the
big banks handling the offering. Some
interesting reporters reporting from
Reuters earlier on this morning.
>> Breaking all the rules. Normally this is
not how it's done. Usually the
traditional IPO process includes a road
show where you get guidance. Question
who's going to want to buy this
considering how many people already own
this, right? I mean this has been a
really widely owned type of uh security.
So at a certain point lots of people
want to own it, but how much can they
absorb given some of the concentration
risks? Either way, Musk's net worth
currently is $970 billion, and I was
trying to wrap my head around that. So,
if this goes well, you know, he could
potentially be the world's first
trillionaire.
>> I think he believes it's already gone
well, never mind if it goes well, before
any of it even happens. This feels so
different to have this degree of
confidence about pricing, that you can
just pick your price before the road
show even begins.
>> It's kind of amazing that that's how
they perceive demand to be. It's
probably accurate based on what we're
hearing at the moment. But it was
amazing to read that earlier on this
morning.
>> It also highlights how thin the gap has
gotten between private and public
markets given how big these companies
are and how widely held the private
shares are. So, you're going to convert
a lot of private investors into public
ones. It's not as much of a discovery
process. Look at this new fangled
company as much as this is the one that
everyone's been expecting. You want to
buy it at this price.
>> Yeah. Look at the float relative to the
size of the overall company. This isn't
a new company. The value creation has
been taking place over the last several
decades. This company was founded 24
years ago. This company's been private
for a long, long time. It's not the kind
of IPO we traditionally talk about.
Those days are over because so much
value creation is happening in private
markets. Look at what happened with
Anthropic more recently. What was that a
60 billion 65 billion funding round? I
don't see huge pressure right now for
them to go public. I think it's another
option to raise capital and that's what
they're all trying to do quite
aggressively at the moment
>> especially since their expenditures are
going up at such a fast pace and they
have to keep spending to keep up. You
have to wonder how much SpaceX is going
to end up setting a tone for both open
AI or anthropic. Whoever may get there
first may the better man win.
>> Alphabet 2 Dan of Wedbush joins us now.
He says this this opens up another
important chapter for investors in the
fourth industrial revolution. And it's
not just about Musk and SpaceX, but what
this signifies about a new investing
landscape. Dan joins us now for more.
Dan, welcome to the program. Fantastic
reporting from Reuters. Just walk me
through how you perceive that reporting.
Just the idea that they have this degree
of confidence just ahead of the IPO road
show. They can just set the price ahead
of time.
>> Yeah, look, I think it speaks I think
Lisa hit on an important topic. I mean,
on the private side, you you're talking
about the price discovery. So much of
that's been there on the private side.
If you go back over the last few years
and even the last few months, look, this
just show it's a showing of confidence
because the reality is it's going to be
a watershed event in terms of the space
actor for Musk and it just speaks to our
view. I mean, records will be broke over
the coming weeks whether it's the Knicks
or SpaceX IP.
>> Dan, you've lost Emory or actually
you've gained her. She's going to go all
uh go all mug with you. I'm curious
though how much this is going to set the
tone for anthropic or open AI or whether
that's going to ultimately be a very
different story than SpaceX. I think
different in some ways just given the AI
arms race anthropic to open AI but look
it's a tone setter because this is going
to be really a tidal wave of IPOs and
obviously it starts with SpaceX and look
it just it speaks to our view about the
fourth industrial revolution and that's
more how I think how SpaceX is going to
be viewed on the AI data side of course
on space but it's really a convergence
that you're seeing and it's Musk I mean
you're you're also you're buying Musk
And it goes back like those that went
against Musk and Tesla, you know, those
have been the historically wrong bets.
If you go back,
>> yeah, you're buying Elon Musk at the
very cheap price of $960 billion. Uh
meanwhile, you are seeing a number of
different companies start to put limits
on how much of some of these AI tools
they're using just because the costs are
getting so high. Uh yes, you're seeing
incredible earnings from the likes of
Anthropic or even some of the other big
giants. At the same time, Uber, for
example, set a monthly cap because
things were getting so out of control.
Does that make you concerned?
>> Yeah, look, you're going to have some
caps in some situations. Then some
companies are ultimately going to have
to, you know, that they're going to look
in more, you know, volume across the
enterprise. If you look at how it's
being deployed in a lot of companies,
it's department, not enterprise. And I
think as you go more enterprisewide, it
speaks to the use cases that are going
to explode. And we've talked about
Palunteer, Snowflake, you've seen in
Data Dog on the software side. You're
now seeing it continue to play out.
Cyber security will be a tangential
there. But look, this it's third inning,
one out in terms of this AI game. And I
think we're still early in terms of the
spending cycle. And you're going to have
call it 3 to four trillion spent over
the coming years with so many winners
and the derivatives now playing out. And
it's our view that this is really just
still the early stage of the AI
revolution.
>> Dan, what did you make of the
president's executive order yesterday
asking these technology companies to
voluntarily give the government
basically oversight of any new models
that they come out with?
>> Look, I think it's a tight rope because
you got it's a balancing act what
they're doing. You got to put guard
rails in some way. Now, you don't want
overreaching because to to some extent,
you know, in especially the arms race in
China, that could definitely, you know,
put sand in the gears. And look, from a
politician perspective, you don't want I
mean, there's many politicians, you
don't want politicians still using
Blackberries that are that are the ones
determining AI model technology. So, I
think that's part of the balance here.
But, I think it's smart. you you have to
have some sort of government at least
quasi oversight, but a lot of it's going
to be self-regulation from the industry.
>> I actually loved my Blackberry. But what
if we keep on what the government is
doing? Trump had promised a handsoff
approach. So, do you think this is the
first of many steps potentially to
taking a more assertive approach when it
comes to AI?
>> Look, I think a lot of this is the PR
and we've talked it's the big PR problem
that tech has. If you keep talking about
job losses and some of the AI alarmism
that's going on, this is what you get,
right? I mean, I saw at a milking
conference in terms of how many
politicians were there that I spoke
with. And look, it is about you cannot
just have it go fully unchecked. I think
it's a call it a baby step move. I don't
expect this to be any sort of
overreaching, but I think it's smart.
you need to have some sort of quasi
guard rails or some sort of, you know,
oversight in in terms of what's going on
with what's really going to change the
consumer and enterprise lifestyle and
economy over the coming years.
>> Dan, do you think Alman's kind of
getting it now by putting some daylight
between him and Anthropic and the way he
talks about the future of this
technology?
>> 100%. Because I think you're seeing a a
change. I mean, look, we've seen shift
changes if you go back years ago. Look
at Zuckerberg back 17 and now. So,
you're definitely seeing tone shifts.
And I think it's important because if
you keep going out there telling people
they're going to lose their jobs and
their electricity bills are going to go
higher, I mean, you you'll have AI under
long TSA lines in terms of surveys. So,
I think this is a smart move what
they're doing and it's the reality. We
continue think a lot of the job loss
stuff. I think it's overdone relative to
the reality and it comes down to like
get the popcorn out SpaceX open AI
anthropic. It's going to be a super
interesting few months. Historical for
the market
>> without a doubt. Let's see how it turns
out. Dan, it's good to see you, sir. Dan
Ice there of Wed Bush. Shape shifters.
The lot of them,
>> aren't they? They really are all shape
shifters. They used to be Democrats,
they're Republicans now,
>> right? It used to be about taking away
white collar jobs. It's not anymore.
>> Shape shifters.
>> Yeah. Well, to sell the actual
technology, you need to explain that
it's going to be revolutionary and and
create incredible efficiency and then on
the back end, not so bad that it's
actually going to cause any kind of
policy crackdown. They also have tried
to get ahead of regulation. You've seen
Anthropic and OpenAI come out and talk
about the need for regulation and they
would love to play a partnership role in
creating said regulation. So, uh it's
all sides.
>> The companies kind of make sense and the
approaches they've got right now.
Anthropica, of course, is going direct
to business. So they want to tell people
that you're going to save all this money
because you're going to lay people off.
Open AI is the consumerf facing product,
right? So they can't tell the people
that going to use their product
ultimately we're the reason unemployment
is going to go up. So I think it's a PR
effort on both sides for different
reasons.
>> And the reality of it is unknown. And
that I think is the anxiety. I've seen
so many different reports. Some of them
saying there's no problem here. You're
going to see more jobs created. It's
going to be more productivity. And then
I've seen others saying actually in the
white collar space in particular, you're
going to see pretty significant job
losses and you're already seeing
increasing levels of job cuts,
particularly uh starting in software as
a service companies.
>> NASDAQ futures this morning positive
by.1%. Let's get you an update on
stories worldwide with your Bloomberg
brief. Isabelle Lee has more. Hey
Isabelle.
>> Hi John. The O the OECD says the fate of
the global economy hinges on the
conflict in the Middle East. In its
latest report, the organization revised
its inflation estimate higher for 2027
and said global growth could slip to
1.8%.
Cliffwaters flagship private credit fund
is capping redemptions at 5% in the
second quarter. This as investors try to
pull about 17% of their shares.
According to a letter seen by Bloomberg,
Cliffwwater informed shareholders they'd
get about a third of their requested
money back. and Fed Chair Kevin Walsh
naming conservative policy analysts as
temporary advisers. Sources telling us
here at Bloomberg Walsh hired Paul
Winfrey who in the past criticized the
Fed for the Heritage Foundation's
Project 2025 initiative. He also hired
Daniel Heel who he worked with at the
Hoover Institution. That's your
Bloomberg brief. John,
>> watch this space. Isabelle, thank you.
Appreciate it. Up next on a program
striking a hawkish tone. It's reasonable
to keep rates steady given the
uncertainties around the economic
outlook, but if recent trends continue,
it may soon be appropriate to act. I'm
more concerned about the growing risks
of persistently elevated inflation than
the risk to full employment and that
monetary policy may not be sufficiently
restrictive to bring inflation down to
2%.
>> She's not alone. Droy Mattis, Drew
Mattis of Metife joins us next live from
New York City. You're watching Limbec
TV.
Equity
futures this morning pulling back by
close to 2% on the S&P on the NASDAQ 100
this morning positive by 0.1 check out
the bond market 2's 1030s yield shaping
up as follows yields this morning card
by three basis points just north of 4%.
The data is good. The Fed speak a touch
hawkish under surveillance this morning,
striking a hawkish tone.
>> It's reasonable to keep rates steady
given the uncertainties around the
economic outlook. But if recent trends
continue, it may soon be appropriate to
act. I'm more concerned about the
growing risks of persistently elevated
inflation than the risk to full
employment and that monetary policy may
not be sufficiently restrictive to bring
inflation down to 2%.
>> So here's the latest this morning. Job
opening surging to a near two-year high,
fueling bets that the Federal Reserve's
next move may well be a hike. Drew
Mannis of Metife writing the Fed cuts 25
basis points in the fourth quarter. Drew
joins us now for more. Drew, good
morning.
>> Good morning.
>> Contrarian there.
>> Uh I I think so. I think, you know,
focusing on inflation, you know, I
think, you know, um, President Hammock
is going to find out the same way the
ECB does that cutting into a supply
shock, you know, is or hiking into a
supply shock is probably not the right
way to go about conducting policy. Look,
if the Fed wants inflation at zero, they
can get there anytime they want. Just
take rates up 20, you know, percent and
like, you know, throw the economy into
recession. Vulker understood this. Um,
the question is, are you willing to deal
with the trade-offs? And I don't I think
it's easy to talk tough and it's another
thing to kind of drive the unemployment
rate higher to get your inflation rate
to where you want it to be.
>> Can you point to any evidence that this
monetary policy right now is
restrictive?
>> Uh I I would say that if you look at the
consumer side of the equation, we're
beginning to see kind of even the upper
end of the K begin to show signs of
stress. Um I would say this, it's not
immediately obvious, but I think if you
get a wobble in the equity market,
you're going to see things fall apart
pretty fast. Um, and so then what's the
question? What causes the wobble in the
equity market? And that's why, you know,
everyone's focused on the AI move and AI
trade. Uh, if you get anything that that
causes people to question that trade,
then you have to question the equity
market and then you question the upper
end consumer and it all just kind of
goes downhill pretty fast from there.
>> The reason why I ask this is because the
market's pricing in a more than 70%
chance that there'll be a rate hike by
the end of the year. The market's doing
the tightening for the Fed without the
Fed even getting on board, let alone
even dropping their easing bias.
Meanwhile, Ulta, Victoria Secret,
they're are reporting better than
expected margins, earnings. People are
coming, they're buying bras, they're
buying makeup, they're buying whatever
else, and they're buying plane tickets
that are really expensive. So, at what
point do you say that we're not in a
restrictive environment, and that
ultimately it might be a bigger problem
for the long end of the yield curve if
the Fed doesn't take tightening action?
>> Well, so at the same time though, the
New York Fed's reporting that, you know,
more and more people are becoming
delinquent in their borrowing. So, uh,
you know, you take interest rates up,
housing market is still disrupted. It's
going to continue to be disrupted.
that's going to take a long time to sort
out and and you're not going to make
that any better by hiking interest
rates. Um unless it's to control the
long end of the yield curve in a way
that pulls the long end of the yield
curve lower. Um but you want to do that
in a way that's actually extracting
inflation from from the long end of the
yield curve rather than hammering
growth, right? And so there's a reason
bond yields move and it's in growth and
inflation. And if you're hitting it on
the growth side, but you're not actually
pulling down inflation expectations. So,
if the Fed hikes interest rates, they're
going to hit the growth side and you'll
see yields come down, but the inflation
story is going to remain unchanged
because it has nothing to do with Fed
policy, right? It has everything to do
with uh what's going on in the Middle
East. And so, you're not actually
solving the problem. You're just making
your situation worse.
>> But could it become more challenging if,
as the president's saying, potentially
the naval blockade will continue until
Labor Day in early September? Well, so
then, you know, as I as I put out, you
know, as I talked about kind of in my
note, you know, if the situation in the
Middle East extends beyond the third
quarter of the year, then we'll probably
have to think about the the Fed actually
cutting rates kind of in 27 instead of
actually getting a rate cut in 26. You
know, where we're actually really
confident though is that, you know, from
a yield perspective, like tens are going
to be somewhere between four, four and a
half. Like that I'm I'm actually really
comfortable with that space. It's
long-term nominal trend growth. That's
where 10-year yields should basically
be. Um, and I think no matter what the
Fed does, everything else is kind of
self-correcting. If they hike too much,
you'll see, you know, expectations shift
around long into the curve states where
it's at.
>> Do you think PAL is getting too much
praise and Walsh is getting too much
criticism?
>> I I do. Um, you know, first of all, I
think that there's everything W has
brought up that people think is kind of
like out of consensus is actually an
argument that we're having on the street
now. How big should the Fed's balance
sheet be? You know, should they be
cutting? Should they be hiking? There
are people on both sides of the equation
who have very good arguments on both
sides of the equation. Um, you know,
Pal's Fed was not without ch with
challenges, right? There's the whole
inflation story. There are governance
issues. You know, there's a lot that
that institution kind of needs to be
thinking about. And and you know what?
Having someone come in with fresh eyes
who's not everything is great in this
institution and nothing ever needs to
change is probably a healthy thing for
any company or any institution.
>> Is Jackson Hole a good place to have
that conversation?
>> Lisa wants to know.
>> No, I I just think that there is not a
debate on Wall Street about whether
there should be Jackson Hole, is there?
>> I've I've always thought that I I'm not
actually the biggest fan of the Jackson
Hole Symposium.
>> There we go. Nice.
>> Might want to be in south of France,
too, or Italy. I I don't think it needs
to move. I I'm just not really sure
that, you know, you have this kind of
like, you know, small group of people,
they're invited, then you have the
hangers on who just kind of rent rooms
nearby and kind of like hang out in the
lobby. Like, it's just not a great way
to do things. You know what? Like, you
have the the centerpiece of the
financial world, you know, New York
City. Have a big conference in New York
City and tell anyone who wants to show
up to show up.
>> Love Um, so you know, or you know, have
it anywhere, but like you know, having
it somewhere where it's really hard to
get to unless you have a private jet
doesn't really strike me as kind of
being open to the public or caring about
how we appear to the public.
>> Drew, it's good to see you. Appreciate
the opinion. Thank you, sir. Drew
Madison of Metife on the Federal Reserve
and the next get together in Jackson
Hole. They went to Reikovic. They can go
to the Amalfi Coast and fly directly.
>> These are different arguments.
Exclusivity versus
>> just have it during the Premier League
season and Exactly. are 1% hanger on,
you know, private jet to go Jackson
Hall, but they're just, you know, hanger
on.
>> He's got a point. Okay, let's see if it
changes. I don't think you can take
anything for granted right now. Up next,
Michan Weaver of Morgan Stanley, Libby
Cantrol of Pimco, the former vice
president, Mike Pence, and Jonathan
Kinsky of BTI.
The US economy is outgrowing the rest of
the world.
>> Parts of the economy are on fire.
>> The pricing for growth is very healthy.
>> A lot of that is just the strength of
underlying demand in the economy.
>> The most important thing is that we are
broadening out the labor market.
>> This is Bloomberg Surveillance with
Jonathan Pharaoh, Lisa Abramowitz, and
An Marie Hordern.
>> Live from New York City this morning.
Good morning. Good morning from our
audience worldwide. The second hour of
Blindberg surveillance starts right now.
and your scores. The price action looks
like this. Once again, record highs
coming into another day of trading on
the S&P 500, pulling back by just a
tenth of 1% following a 9-day winning
run on the NASDAQ this morning, high up
by 0.2 later this morning, a little bit
later in the next hour. More economic
data, a string of decent data so far
this week. ISM manufacturing, job
openings, all fantastic. ADP the next to
drop at 8:15 Eastern time. So, how is
the economy outside of big tech? Check
out Macy's this morning. just about
unchanged in the pre-market, but lifting
its outlook. Those headlines dropping
just moments ago.
>> Yeah. Coming out after we got beats from
places like Victoria Secret, like Alta
coming out boosting their fullear
forecast. Now seeing an earnings per
share estimate of $2 to $2.20 versus
$1.90 to $210. It gives you a sense the
upgrades are not just coming from tech
companies. This is important to note.
They are also coming from consumerf
facing companies, retailers that are
able to raise prices and are not seeing
any kind of slowdown from the consumer.
And this to me is the story of why the
inflation could be stickier than some
people think.
>> What did Lisa say the last time? There's
a bull market in bras and makeup.
>> Mattis did not know what to say about
that, did he?
>> Well, yeah. He just kind of ignored that
and went on to you maybe some other
things people are buying.
>> But they are.
>> Go on, tell us more, bro. Have you seen
>> people are shopping if they're going out
to places like me?
>> Okay. Pull up Victoria's Secret Shares,
please. I'm sorry. I know that this is
short. sexy,
>> but it's first of all, they changed it
to VSXY, and those shares are up some
47% in pre-market trading. This isn't
coming from nowhere. They upgraded their
outlook.
>> You know, this is the cohort between 18
and 44 that are going out willing to
spend 4050 bucks on a bra. That is not
nothing. Especially when they're also
spending $40, $50 on makeup over at
Ulta. Wait, seriously? Well, yesterday
it was up quite consigned.
>> There was a massive move. It was a
massive move.
>> It's gone so well, Bremo.
>> I know. Well, maybe today. everyone's
it's returning those bras. But yesterday
that the the move is really
>> I don't think anyone's returning bras
and I and I actually hope they're not.
But when it comes to the shopper that
goes out to places like Victoria's
Secret, like Ulta, like Macy's, this
comes at a time when you are seeing
higher gasoline prices. And you see
survey after survey that more households
are having to put more of the pie that
they have towards energy costs. They are
still finding ways to go out there as
well for some of this discretionary
spending. Drew is trying to work out if
that is a staple or discretionary
spending, but that's not a debate I want
to have this morning. Equity futures on
the S&P 500 just about negative by a few
ten of 1%. Not going there. Kind of did,
but not going there.
>> Staple.
>> Coming up. Staple. All right. Don't want
to go there. Michelle Weaver of Morgan
Stanley is going to join us with stocks
seeking a 10th straight day of gains.
Living Pimco as the White House looks to
rebuild the tariff war and the former
vice president Mike Pence warning about
the future of the Republican party. What
about in France?
>> France, you know, debatable.
>> Yeah, there you go.
>> Could be debatable for some people. I
just want to correct the record.
Yesterday, Victoria Secret shares were
up 47%.
>> Let it go, Brammo.
>> We begin this out with stocks holding at
record highs. Michelle Weaver of Morgan
Stanley writing the following on the
outlook for equities. With the demand
for tech soaring, it comes with a bit of
a cost. Here's the quote. Power and
specialized labor are the two primary
bottlenecks to the AI data center
buildout. continue to expect a
significant shortfall in power needed
through 2028. Michelle, good morning.
Good to see you.
>> Good morning.
>> We'll get this together. The former VP
is joining us in about 20 minutes time.
So, straighten this up a conversation
about conservatism as well.
>> Listen on the way in. He's going to be
like, I'm not sure I want to join today.
>> Get this back on the rails immediately.
Michelle, good morning.
>> Good morning.
>> The fundamental story is really well
understood. We've talked about the
repeatedly. Have we priced the positive
earning shock now into this equity
market?
>> I don't think so. So, I I think we're
still seeing a lot of strength and a lot
of momentum around the AI trade, which
firmly remains intact, but there's still
quite a bit of room for for continued
broadening into other pockets of the
market. And we've seen earnings
revisions Brett sore. We've seen
incredibly strong first quarter S&P
earnings, and I think there is still a
lot of room to broaden into other
pockets of the market.
>> You're starting to see some
outperformance in small caps as well.
Noticed that on the Russell a few times
in the last week or so. What's driving
that performance?
positive earnings revisions breath have
really been driving small cap
performance. As a house though, we are
equal weight on small caps just given
some of that potential overhang from
from Fed policy. They're very rate
sensitive. So, we still think it's an
equal weight there.
>> Rate sensitivity. I I want to get into
that given the fact that most people
seem to think that once we get past this
rate of hormone reopening, we're going
to have disinflation reassert itself
once again. And we were just hearing
from Drew Mattis that he still thinks
that this Fed should not be even talking
about hiking rates. Do you think that
this inflation is significantly broader
based? It isn't just tied to AI
buildout, but it's also tied some of the
consumer sector where you see spending
continue to hold in.
>> So, our economists think that the Fed
will remain on hold for the rest of the
year and they'll resume cuts in in the
spring of next year. Um, for the equity
market, 4.5 on the tenure is really that
key level for rates. When you get above
that, that's when it starts to weigh on
equity valuations. Should we should we
see some resolution here? Should we see
yields start to fall back down? Then
that would also support the broadening
performance we were talking about
before.
>> Do you think that it would be
appropriate for yields to just naturally
come down? Is this just an issue of the
straight of her or do you think that the
inflationary pressures are much broader
based?
>> There is concern about about those
stickier pressures because of gasoline
prices. But I I I do think it is a
little bit more narrow, a little bit
more specific to that. Well, Michelle,
the president is telling the New York
Post this could last until September.
>> What would that look like?
>> I think it's it's just created a very
challenging setup for the consumer. But
I think you when you think about the
consumer, you have to think about
consumer sentiment and then where
spending actually is. Consumer sentiment
as measured by the national surveys, as
measured by our own house surveys, has
been very weak. But we see the consumer
continuing to go out and spend. We were
talking about those consumer companies
before we started. You're still seeing
very strong demand. you're still seeing
very strong spending at a lot of
consumer companies. So, I do think we're
actually going into a good setup for
peak summer travel season, spending
around the World Cup. So, we have a
consumer that is weighed down by
gasoline, weighed down by sentiment, but
still spending.
>> World Cup, the Knicks, there's a lot of
exciting things happening this summer.
You also talk about in your note though,
one point where consumers are going to
push back and that's data centers. No
one wants a data center in their
backyard. We've already seen a
tremendous amount of protests from
individuals uh to their constituents.
What does this mean for the AI trade?
>> So, we've seen around $156 billion
dollars of data centers that were
planned either be delayed or cancelled.
And a lot of this has to go back to that
issue of affordability. People are very
sensitive to anything that might
potentially impact their household
budget. And there's this perception that
data centers are driving power bills
higher. It's really complicated because
in the US you have regulated utilities,
you have unregulated utility markets. In
some areas there is signs of pressure.
In other areas less so, but because of
this dynamic, people have really come
out in force against data center
construction.
>> Do you think there is an imminent policy
risk we need to factor into some of
those names?
>> I think we just need to think about this
ahead of midterms. I think this is going
to be a very popular issue as we head
into midterms. Once again, anything
having to do with affordability, I think
we'll hear a lot about. That doesn't
mean though that demand for AI is
falling. Demand for AI compute is still
incredibly healthy. Token demand is up
over 2,000% year-over-year. These data
centers will be built. It's more of an
issue of what's the geographic mix.
Where do they ultimately find their home
versus are they going to happen or not?
>> We've priced a lot of debt. We've moved
a lot of paper. Did you see the story
from Bloomberg yesterday that we priced
$1 trillion in high-grade debt in near
record time? That's what we've priced so
far this year alone. We kept going back
to constraints. You're thinking about
energy constraints and the kind of
bottlenecks we might see. I'm focused on
capital constraints and don't see much
sign of that right now in the debt
market or in equity.
>> No, I mean on on some level you are
seeing uh spreads just wide out a touch
for certain issuers. Other than that, I
mean Cororeweave yesterday came with
another $900 billion a $900 million high
yield bond offering. I mean everyone's
pricing paper and investors see can't
seem to get enough even as they do a
tour around the world to try to raise
cash. You just wonder when people are
going to question whether there is a
dissonance here about the valuation of
some of these companies about their
expansion plans about their
profitability and then about the return
on investment from other companies if
you don't see a serious improvement in
conditions for average consumers.
Something isn't adding up here for this
to continue and it has to be one side of
the equation or the other.
>> Michelle, we've seen a lot of companies
tap the debt market. We're going to see
some major IPOs later this year. the
prospect of capital constraints are they
on the horizon or have we got some
runway here?
>> I I still think we have some runway. We
haven't seen any signs of of slowing
down in in what has happened so far. So
based on you know recent trajectory I
think we we're not seeing any signs of
capital constraints there.
>> Michelle it's good to see you. Thank
you. Michelle Weaver there of Morgan
Stanley Alphabet coming out with an $80
billion capital raise and this market
didn't really blink in yesterday's
session. The idea that shares that are
up almost 120% over the past 12 months
were down some two and a half percent in
response to the biggest equity raise
potentially of its type ever gives you a
sense of just how much capacity there
is. Again, how do we get our heads
around these types of valuations? How do
we justify the trajectory for how much
earnings growth can continue at this
pace? And that I think is increasingly
uncertain yet it doesn't pay to not
participate.
>> Alphabet down by about 3.8% 8% at
yesterday's close, which ain't much
considering how much capital they're
going to be raising. Let's give you an
update on stories elsewhere this morning
with your Bloomberg brief. Joining us
now for more is Isabelle Lee. Hey
Isabelle.
>> Hey John. The Trump administration is
dropping its $ 1.8 billion quote
anti-weaponization fund. Acting Attorney
General Todd Lanch says the compensation
is being halted, but it's leaving in
place an order, forcing the IRS to drop
investigations into President Trump, his
family, and his businesses.
SpaceX $ 1.8 trillion IPO could be a
windfall for several of the members of
the Trump administration. 10 officials
currently hold nearly $44 million in
company stock. The IPO is expected to
make Elon Musk the world's first
trillionaire if it achieves its target
valuation.
And Macy's topping earnings estimates
and boosting its EPS forecast for the
full year. The company's better than
expected sales results shows that
consumers continue to shop even amid
rising prices. Macy CEO Tony Spring
joins Bloomberg TV today at 4:30 p.m.
Eastern to discuss these quarters
results. That's your Bloomberg brief.
John,
>> looking forward to that, Isabelle. Thank
you. Thanks for the update. More from
Isabelle later this hour. Up next on the
program, rebuilding the tariff wall.
>> We do the tariffs a different way. The
tariffs are are what's bringing in all
of this money. It's it's really made our
country rich, modernly rich.
>> Libby Canela Pimco joins us next live
from New York City this morning. Good
morning.
Coming up a little bit later, more
economic data. We get the latest jobs
report on Friday. In anticipation of
that, another read on the labor market
in America. Looking at ADP later on this
morning at 8:15 Eastern time before we
see jobless claims tomorrow morning. So
far this week, the data has been pretty
decent. We've had numbers from ISM
manufacturing which expanded at the
fastest pace in some four years. Job
openings exceeding all estimates just
yesterday. As Lisa pointed out, some
more nuance details beneath the surface,
but the headline levels have been pretty
impressive. Job openings yesterday
better than every single estimate in our
survey. In the equity market this
morning on the S&P 500 we're shaping up
as follows. On the S&P we look a little
something like this we're negative by a
tenth of 1% on the NASDAQ up by 2/10en
of 1%. In the bond market two weeks
today a meeting at the FOMC chaired by
Kevin Walsh yields high by three basis
points 4.07%. Much discussion around the
table about the future of communication
at the Federal Reserve to stock of
Apollo just moments ago. the number of
words in the FOMC statement likely to go
down, expecting it to go down to levels
not seen since Greenspan.
>> Will there still be a statement and will
there still be a press conference? These
are some of the questions that people
have as you have the Financial Times
reporting that ultimately this is a Fed
chair who does not really believe in the
power of forward guidance. If the Fed
can't really predict what's going to be
happening, why should they pretend that
they can with their dots? Does he give
some sort of prescriptive measure for
what that entails in terms of
restriction on forward guidance? Does
this mean they get rid of some of their
meetings? Does this mean that they get
rid of a press conference? These are all
things to be determined.
>> So many people on Wall Street are
conditioned by the post GFC experience.
If you think about the average age on a
trading floor right now, they don't
remember the days where we didn't have a
news conference. You didn't used to get
a statement. You just used to have to
guess whatever the Fed had just done. I
don't know if it's as easy as putting
the toothpaste back in a tube. I've got
no idea how complex this might be. But I
think certainly they make a bit of an
effort to change things and go back
closer towards not precisely where we
were before, but closer towards where we
were before.
>> Yeah. At the same time, this is a time
when you can have less guidance because
nobody knows what's going to happen and
pretty much they're telling you that.
They're watching the data as much as
everybody else. The market's ignoring
the Fed at this point. They're saying
you guys are going to move to a hiking
type of stance more quickly than you're
saying. So right now the market's moving
on and not really taking forward
guidance as that much of a guide. That
said, if there is a crisis, that is when
forward guidance comes into play and
that is when I assume you will start to
see that functionality come back.
>> That's a story in the bond market this
morning. Let's turn to crew WTI and
Brent. A series of strikes repeatedly
over the last week and again in the last
24 hours. We've got a ceasefire. I'm not
sure what that's worth. This morning,
Brent crude to 98. WTI close to 96.
ceasefire just barely holding on when
you have Iranian ballistic missiles and
drones headed towards American allies of
Kuwait and Bahrain and the US going
after a laden oil tanker that was
looking to fill up on Car Island. But
they continuously say defensive in
nature. We want to hold on to the
ceasefire. The president is coming out
and saying this blockade could last. He
doesn't think so, but it could last
until September. On top of that, kind of
similar to Trump won when he invited the
Taliban to Camp David. He's saying he
might meet with
he might actually meet with the Iranian
leaders. That would be uh interesting
and certainly would get um I think a
little bit would annoy the likes of
Senator Lindsey Graham.
>> Before we get to it, before we even get
to that point, we don't know what
condition the Supreme Leader is in right
now.
>> Trump also said that
>> and no one's seen it. So, I don't know
about a meeting anytime soon.
>> Yeah, I again, you know, my feeling
about these headlines. How do we even
price them? How do we listen to them?
How do we know it's true?
>> Put it in a box and don't talk about it.
You want to talk about something else?
>> How about tariffs?
>> You want to go back to that?
>> That's great.
>> Understood this morning. Rebuilding the
tariff war.
>> We're going to most likely have to pay
back $149 billion. It was a terrible
decision. And uh it's not going to
affect because we do the tariffs a
different way. The tariffs are are
what's bringing in all of this money.
It's it's really made our country rich,
modernly rich. If there is a greatest
hits of topics that people on Wall
Street do not want to talk about, the
straight of is up there and this is too.
The Trump administration fighting back
against the Supreme Court's tariff
defeat with a fresh wave of levies,
including a 10% charge on imports from
60 different trading partners. Libby
Cantra Pimco joins us now for more.
Libby, good morning.
>> I'm here to talk about this.
>> Unfortunately, I'm here for it.
>> You get the short straw. We can change
the topic pretty quickly.
>> Your thoughts on this action? Where's
this going and how big is this wall
going to be? Even though I think this
was sort of in the rearview mirror for
for the for Wall Street, this is
actually very much expected. As a
reminder, um when the AIPA tariffs were
struck down by the Supreme Court, the
president, the USR moved forward with
something called section 122 tariffs,
the sort of blanketed 10% tariffs across
the board. Those expire though on July
24th. So those have sort of a a limit to
this. So we were expecting that they
would be using some of these other tools
that Congress has actually provided to
uh the president to move forward to try
to rebuild that tariff wall. As you
said, I think some of the interesting
things is that this tariff rate is maybe
a little bit more benign, a little bit
more reasonable certainly than those
that we had seen in liberation day, but
even um those that we had saw seen kind
of post liberation day. So I think
probably the effective average tariff
rate this might actually landed at a
lower rate um you know at the end of the
day. But again, none of this is
surprising. I also think, and there's a
deficit angle here, which I know Lisa
does like to talk about. Um, of course,
this is revenue that the Treasury likes,
uh, that the US is sort of getting, you
know, addicted to, if you will. It's one
of the reasons why we think tariffs are
going to be sticky sort of regardless of
who wins in 2028. And because this is
something that is generating quite a lot
of revenue, uh, and again, sort of
politically is salient on both sides of
the aisle. Where does this put some of
the trade deals though that they have
with Switzerland, the European Union,
his massive summit with Xi Jinping?
>> Yeah, I mean that is I think an open
question, Amory. I think we've been a
little bit skeptical of some of those
pledges around those trade deals anyway.
You haven't necessarily seen some of
those investments come to fruition, for
instance. Um, you know, I we'll we'll
see with sort of the European trade deal
in particular just given um that that
is, you know, sort of pending uh in the
in the EU. So yeah, I mean I think
that's an open question for you know for
sure.
>> Obviously at PIMCO you're tracking the
mortgage market and what is going on
with FHFA and the director of F FHFA now
is the acting director of national
intelligence. What was your reaction to
Bill Py moving over to this space? Yeah,
I would say, you know, I would I think
we would argue that second to the
treasury market, the agency NBS market
is probably the most important market
particularly to us, but I think, you
know, just sort of writ large because of
course that sets the mortgage rate uh
that, you know, consumers access. You
know, this is I mean it's an interesting
choice. Obviously, Bill Py has been said
doesn't necessarily have the traditional
background for an act for a DNI
director. I think the the one thing that
is important though is this is an acting
position and just as a reminder
something called the vacancies act that
allows the president to move um somebody
in a vacant position which is a Senate
confirmed position only if that other
person is Senate confirmed only for 210
days. So I think it was very I think the
president was very specific that this
was a an acting position. He hasn't
actually nominated him for the permanent
position that would of course require
Senate confirmation. So I think my view
we'll see is that this is probably a
temporary post not a permanent post. I
do think though as it relates to the
mortgage market. This takes the chances
of a IPO for Fanny and Freddy very much
off the table. That has been our view at
PIMCO for many years. We think that
risks actually increasing the mortgage
rate not decreasing the mortgage rate
which is anathema to what the
administration wants at this point
anyway. Um we think this is sort of the
deathnell for the IPO of Fanny and
Freddy. This is actually incredibly
important for a lot of people in the
market and they actually might view this
as a bullish sign because there won't be
more risk introduced into the
privatization of these particular
agencies. Do you have the same kind of
view?
>> Yeah, I think we have we've been, you
know, engaging with policy makers. We
said one thing that they could do was
clarify the future of Fanny and Freddy
and sort of take this idea of
privatization off the table. I mean they
are, you know, for better or for worse,
they're functioning incredibly well in
conservatorship in terms of providing
liquidity to the secondary mortgage
market. And if you do anything to sort
of upset the relationship between the
government and and Fanny and Freddy, you
do see that risk premium come back into
mortgage yields. And so, you know, we
think that there's an argument to be
made that maybe some more clarification
can actually decrease mortgage yields.
Of course, that's what the
administration wants.
>> I find it fascinating. I'm you're right.
tariffs not that exciting to me right
now just because it seems to leave us in
the same place and the trade form isn't
necessarily analyzable but this
particular administration Washington DC
has had more direct influence on markets
than any I can remember in recent in
modern history whether it's personal
sign off by the president on specific
transactions whether it's job owning
specific companies that are doing
different things how big are the
lobbying bills I mean do you see all the
lobbyists just sort of gathering around
there to try to make sure that that deal
gets in front of the right person.
>> Well, yeah, I think this is sort of
interesting about this president is
that, you know, a lot of what he is
doing in terms of private industry is
very much more um indicative or or in
sort of parallel with what Democrats
have done, right? Sort of the state
capitalism, industrial policy. This used
to be sort of the purview of Democrats
uh picking winners and losers. Now, you
know, President Trump is doing it. So,
yes, absolutely. Our lobbyists kind of
lining up. I would say just going back
to this this discussion with the
mortgage market, something important
that that Fanny and Freddy have done is
that they've been in the market. They've
been buying agency MBS to try to
decrease that mortgage rate. We think
that's actually been quite effective.
Now, that was sort of upset by the Iran
war. Uh so I think in some ways it was
negated by that. But it will be
interesting, I think, just in in terms
of the the PY discussion. Will that
continue? Will they continue to be in
the market trying to decrease yields?
But yeah, I mean, broadly, this
administration obviously much more
interventionist than a traditional
Republican administration.
>> You've got to really think through about
what we're normalizing care. Now, maybe
you're sitting here watching it and
maybe you're comfortable with some of
these moves because it's your guy in the
White House. But think about the risk of
what comes next if you end up with a
Democratic government. What kind of
decisions, what kind of purchases will
they look to make? What kind of
encouragement, what kind of market moves
will they look to foster? They're kind
of things you got to think about in the
next four years and beyond,
>> especially since there are winners and
losers that are emerging just by virtue
of say a huge stake that the US is
taking in them. There are a lot of
bipartisan agreements. The idea of
having some sort of national push for an
industrialization. This was bipartisan.
This was something that was under the
chips act and is being continued by
President Trump. Question is just how is
it executed and do you have a consistent
framework so that people know exactly
what they're operating in? Not
necessarily bespoke arrangements
depending on who talks to who?
>> It's a great point. We're in a populist
wave and it doesn't look like it's going
to stop and whatever Trump does now,
Democrats are just going to use that as
a precedent if they win say in 2028. And
we're going to be speaking to the former
vice president who wrote an entire book
about how this Republican party needs to
get back to their roots.
>> Libby, it's always good to catch up.
Thank you. My apologies for the topics.
Libby Catchwell there.
>> Love them. Love them. I'm here.
>> You brought them to life. Thank you,
Libby. Thank you very much. Tariffs and
the straight of hormmers. two stories
that this market is desperate to move
away from.
>> Yeah, right now people are just hoping
that we can just uh move turn the page,
put it in a box and uh maybe look at
earnings.
>> I woke up with so many alerts and text
messages because Taiwan, China, India
all came out after the USR statement
came out about 10% and 12% tariffs. And
I actually for a second was like what
year is it? This was so 2025.
>> A lot of people just want to move on
from this. Up next on the program, how
much daylight is there between the
Republican party and the conservative
movement? The former vice president Mike
Pence joins us next warning about the
future of his party. Plus, Yahara has
your morning movers. Jensen WS1 trillion
dollar forecast lifting Marva once again
this morning. Seriously, up 13% in the
pre-market from New York City this
morning. Good morning. You're watching
Bloomberg TV.
live from New York City this morning.
Good morning to you all. 9-day winning
streak on the S&P 500. Equity futures
this morning down by not even a tenth of
1% on the NASDAQ high by 0.2. with that
nine-day move in the equity market. Nine
days of declining yields at the long end
of the curve coming into today the
30-year this morning just a little bit
higher up by two or three basis points
498 but a break of five and that move is
notable.
>> Yeah, especially uh because it comes
along with what we have seen which is
really good earnings. Is this entirely
being driven by the oil story or is
inflation broader based? One of the key
questions right now it seems to be
dictated a little bit more on the
margins by oil prices just based on the
yield move. As for crude this morning,
up by 2%, 96 on WTI. Brent crude this
morning around 98. That's the cross
asset price action. Let's get you some
single names for morning movers. Yhira
has more. Hey yra.
>> Hi John. Marll is stealing the spotlight
with its more than 12% jump in the
pre-market. Still getting a boost from
Nvidia CEO Jensen Wong's comments that
it's the next trillion dollar company.
But if you look around, you'll see other
chip makers gaining as well. Intel up
5.3% in the pre-market and Broadcom,
which reports after the bell today, also
positive. And those shares have been on
a tear lately, adding uh more than $280
billion in market cap in just the last
four sessions. Uh meanwhile, not the
same optimism for Palo Alto. We are
seeing those shares down uh nearly 3% in
the pre-market despite it delivering a
beat and a raised quarter. But this is a
story of high expectations with the
stock up some 60% heading into the
earnings. Uh and we end on GameStop.
Those shares soaring uh more than 13% in
the pre-market after the company posted
its highest uh highest quarterly net
income in its history. And the growth
here isn't being driven by video games.
Its collectibles like Pokemon cards and
action figures. In fact, collectibles
was the only area that saw sales growth.
John
>> Yara. Thank you. Thank you for the
update. Appreciate it. More from Yhierra
in the next hour. On our radar this
morning, SpaceX aiming to sell over 550
million shares at 135 a piece for its
record-breaking IPO. Reuters is
reporting Elon Musk company is aiming
for a valuation near $1.8 trillion.
Elsewhere, the president telling the New
York Post, "Iran has agreed not to have
nuclear weapons." Trump adding the US
could lift its blockade on Iranian ports
by Labor Day. The news comes after the
countries exchanged fresh strikes
overnight. And finally, the Fed chair
Kevin Walsh tapping conservatives Paul
Winfrey and Daniel Hill as temporary
advisers. Winfrey, a former Trump White
House aid and Hill, a previous colleague
of Walsh at the Hoover Institution, will
both work on policy analysis and special
projects.
>> They're known as being conservative
economists. Uh some of them have worked
with the Heritage uh heritage
association. Winfrey in particular
talking about some pretty radical
changes to the Federal Reserve. They're
not necessarily going to be uh for
easing policy though because it could
include shrinking the $6.7 trillion Fed
balance sheet. It could include less
form for forward guidance which usually
is thought of as increasing potential
volatility naturally more restrictive
around the margins. So what the
influence of this is is questionable.
Again, who is Kevin Worsh in terms of
his policies and what is traditional
conservative policy when it comes to f
the Federal Reserve? What does that
really look like? When it comes to this
project 2025 chapter a lot of people are
talking about, you actually had Winfrey
talk about a proposal to remove the
central bank's pursuit of maximum
employment in favor to just focus on
inflation. If that were to be the case,
then the president of United States is
not getting an interest rate cut this
year.
>> We'd be having the ECB conversation,
wouldn't we?
>> Exactly.
>> Prospect of hikes.
>> Maybe.
>> This is the reason why the US is
different because it's a dual mandate
with employment and inflation.
>> In some ways, the perfect setup for our
next conversation. the former US Vice
President Mike Pence warning of threats
to the Republican Party in his latest
book, What Conservatives Believe:
Rediscovering the Conservative
Conscience. Pence writing, quote, "Trump
has not always governed as a
conservative." The result is that many
Americans are confused about what it
means to be a conservative. I'm very
pleased to say the 48th Vice President
of the United States, Mike Pence, joins
us now for more. Mr. Vice President,
welcome back to Bloomberg Surveillance
on Bloomberg TV.
>> Thank you. Great to be back on.
>> It's good to see you, sir. I'll ask that
question to you. What does it mean to be
a conservative?
>> Well, for decades, uh, the Republican
party has, uh, really been the home of
conservatism in this country. It's, u
commitment to limited government, free
market uh, economics, strong defense,
American leadership in the world, and
traditional values has really guided the
Republican party since Ronald Reagan uh,
came to the White House. And it's why I
and millions of Americans were drawn to
the Republican party. Uh over the years,
our principal contest was against the
Liberal Democratic Party over those
decades. But as the Democratic Party has
been overtaken by uh more progressive
left policies, including socialist
policies, not just in New York, but but
all around the country. Uh, I I wrote
the book because I I I wanted
Republicans to know that there's a new
threat to that conservative agenda from
within our movement, from a a populist
right that would really challenge uh our
our commitment to limited government to
free enterprise, challenge uh America's
role as as leader of the free world,
marginalized uh values. And u uh I I do
think as as you quoted uh from the book
that many are confused about what it
means to be a conservative. So uh that's
what inspired what conservatives
believe.
>> Well, you served alongside him of course
in the first term. Was he a conservative
then?
>> Well, I think look, I say this in the
book. You know, I I know Donald Trump
better than his most ardent defenders.
We we worked together every day uh and
spoke every day for four and a half
years. And in fairness to the president,
he he's actually never said he was a
conservative. In fact, I lost count of
the number of times that I would say in
conversations in the Oval Office, well,
that position is a conservative
position. And he would he would wave his
hand and say, "What? Not conservative.
It's just common sense." And so uh uh
but but in our administration, I will
tell you I think we were very faithful
uh in most cases uh to the traditional
conservative agenda, appointing
conservative judges, upholding the rule
of law, uh and particularly in the area
of free market economics and free
enterprise. You know, we cut taxes,
rolled back regulations, unleashed
American energy. But uh on economic
issues, I think it's becoming more
apparent uh particularly in the business
community across this country that with
the advent of broad-based tariffs
imposed on friend and foe alike that
while they were turned back uh by the
Supreme Court, we saw the news this
morning of a new round of tariffs uh
attempted by the USR, the
nationalization of American businesses
was something we never countenanced in
our administration. is much more part of
traditional socialist uh thinking around
the world. Uh price controls on on
pharmaceuticals and credit cards. These
are I think these are policies that come
out of the populist right Amarie and uh
and they represent a real shift. Now,
let me can I just say I I think the
second Trump administration has gotten a
lot right. uh standing up to Iran,
standing with Israel, extending those
tax cuts, securing our border. But on on
some key issues, uh we've seen those
populist right policies take hold. Uh
and I want conservatives around the
country to know that
>> these are ideas that you would hear from
a Senator Elizabeth Warren or Senator
Bernie Sanders.
>> But the issue in Washington right now is
there's not a lot of people speaking out
against this in Congress. Do you feel
that Trump has gotten a lot more cart
blanch this time around?
>> Well, I I I think so. I mean, the
president is the the leader of the party
and with majorities in the Congress, I
think there's been a tremendous amount
of difference uh to the president. But,
uh but you you you put a fine point on
it. In fact, in my book, uh I I point
out when when the president first
announced a nationalization policy, it
might have been the golden chairs in US
Steel. Elizabeth Warren said memorably,
um, uh, Donald Trump has come across an
idea that I came up with years ago. And,
um, John might argue whether
nationalization was something Elizabeth
Warren came up with. There might be a
deeper history in other parts of the
world, but I, you know, I honestly I
honestly believe that that there's not
been a great deal of awareness broadly
among grassroots Americans about some of
these shifts, but but people are
starting to wake up to it. Uh, and I
hope my book is a part of that
awakening. Not not just because I think
conservative policies are good for the
Republican party. It's because I believe
freedom, free market economics, uh,
commitment to limited government and
American leadership in the world. It's
good for America.
>> To to build on what Amory was talking
about though, we've seen a recent
primary elections and the people who are
considered a bit more populist have been
the winners of the Republican primary
process. Those are the ones that have
been backed by President Trump. he still
has uh quite a bit of clout in getting
those to Congress to Washington DC. He
is in many ways the Republican party. Do
you think that the Republican party that
you're talking about still exists?
>> Oh, I I do. And and and don't leave out
his influence in primaries in in
Louisiana and Kentucky and uh Indiana,
some state senate races in Indiana.
Look, uh, the president enjoys t
tremendous support among Republican, uh,
primary voters and I think it derives
from the fact that from the time he came
down, uh, that golden escalator here in
New York City, uh, he has been willing
to fight the radical left. He did it
during our years together. He did it
since, battled through lawfare, won back
uh, the White House. And I think there's
a great appreciation u by Republican
voters for his continued fight against
the radical left. U but what I I wrote
the book for was just to to make sure
that we we don't conflate the loyalty to
the president with uh as some on the
populist right would have an embrace of
a new agenda for the Republican party. I
I think the Republican party has to be a
party committed to free market economics
uh and limited government uh and all the
ideals and principles. I I'm
particularly troubled uh and Marie with
your background uh on foreign affairs
particularly I'm particularly troubled
about uh the stops and starts on
American support uh for Ukraine. It was
the populist right uh voices inside and
outside the administration that actually
argued against striking Iran's nuclear
facilities a year ago and even launching
Operation Epic Fury. And even even more
troubling to me is voices on the
populist right are questioning uh
America's support for Israel uh and uh
and with with that rhetoric actually
descending at times into the the the
dark hallways of anti-semitism.
I I look that's not who conservatives
are in this country. It's not what
conservatives believe and I try and call
it out in the book.
>> Let's finish on one particular policy
debate that I think will be a defining
policy debate for the next decade
perhaps and that's AI. I've sat here
wondering at times what is the
conservative position? What will the
conservative position be? I know what
the left will do and how they'll
respond. Tax redistribute. Tax
redistribute. What's the conservative
position on that technology? What's it
going to be? How will it evolve in the
next 10 years or so?
>> Well, I encourage you to read my book,
John, because you'll see
>> I just got a copy about
>> I'm only halfway through.
I think there is a look, the
conservative view would be that
technology is neutral. It's it's neither
good nor bad. Um I I greatly admire the
former chairman of Intel who's written a
wonderful book entitled AR for AI for
good. And and I think it's imperative
that as we move into this that we trust
the marketplace
uh but that also we ensure that uh that
artificial intelligence work for us in
the way that we want it to impact our
economies and our workplace and and most
importantly for conservatives is that it
it respects the values um the universal
values of the overwhelming majority of
the American people who who believe in
and and and and and cherish freedom and
cherish the uh the importance of family.
You know, when you see troubling stories
about u uh about chat programs that
actually u uh assist teenagers in uh
finding ways to take their own life with
tragic consequence. I I think it's
absolutely imperative that conservatives
step forward and say uh let's create the
guard rails around AI so that consumers
will have places to go for AI that
really reflects our goals, our
objectives, our values, uh and let the
marketplace work.
>> Yeah, that's what I'm kind of getting
at. I can trust the market. Ron
Bloomberg, I think there's a great
tradition of support for free markets
and limited government in our audience
at least. Can we trust the leadership of
these companies? Well, I think that's I
think that's the real question today and
uh what we want to do is facilitate the
emergence of of uh alternatives within
the marketplace. Look, I think the
American people um uh have
understandably have concerns about AI,
but have given the opportunity to spend
their dollars and spend their business
resources on AI that that that works for
us and respects those universal values.
I I trust the American people will
choose. Well,
>> the one thing on AI, to Jonathan's
earlier point about what the left is
going to do, Bernie Sanders says he
wants to tax these companies 50%. Steve
Bannon, which you know well from Trump's
first term, one of his key architects of
his rise and how Trump would speak,
doesn't think Ste uh Bernie Sanders goes
far enough. Is that going to be the
Republican position, whether you agree
with it or not, in 2028?
>> Republicans don't raise taxes.
Republicans cut taxes. Um and I I u I I
I would caution you against giving
anybody too much credit for Donald
Trump's rise other than Donald Trump. I
mean, the this President Trump,
>> that's where that's where the base is
right now.
>> Well, you know, I I honestly think that
when you talk about the base, which is
one of my least favorite terms, uh, in
politics, we talk about our core voters,
uh, that there's a, as I said to Lisa,
there's great great appreciation and
affection for the president. It's
totally understandable for the fight
that he's waged against the radical left
the last 10 years. But on the populist
right, uh there are voices that want to
take that loyalty and and permanently
change the direction of the Republican
party to a to a big government party
that embraces protectionism,
isolationism, marginalizes values and I
and to to put a fine point on it. I
don't think that's what conservatives
believe.
>> When did you last speak to each other?
>> Uh you know, we spoke shortly after uh
he won re-election. Uh, and uh, we had a
warm exchange, John. It was
>> What did you talk about?
>> Uh, I just congratulated him. Yeah.
>> Uh, and I could tell he was moved by
that as as was the first lady. I look, I
I u uh, you know, president and I served
together very closely. He wasn't just my
president, he was my friend. U, our
administration didn't end the way I
wanted it to, but I'll always believe by
God's grace I did my duty uh, that day.
But um you know for me it's I I want
this president to succeed. I I love this
country. Uh and u uh I don't talk to the
president as often as I used to, but I
get the distinct impression that he
still listens to me. And so uh I I hope
he gets a chance to
>> I listen to you as well. And I promise
you I'll read the book. It go it's going
next to the Thatcher biography on the
bedside table. All right. It's good to
see you, sir. Thank you. The former vice
president of the United States, Mike
Pence. Let's give you an update on
stories elsewhere this morning with your
Bloomberg brief. Isabelle Lee has more.
Hey, Isabelle.
>> Hi, John. President Donald Trump signing
an executive order that will give the
government voluntary access to AI models
for a 30-day review period. The order
stops short of mandating safety tests on
cuttingedge models and instead seeks to
make them available with developers
permission. In media news, CBS News
fired 60 Minutes correspondent Scott Py
after he confronted his new boss, Nick
Builton, at an internal meeting Monday.
Py questioned the qualifications of Nick
Builton, who was appointed to lead the
news magazine. He also accused CBS News
editor and chief Barry Weiss of quote
murdering the program. In sports, a
world I know little of, the Stanley
Final Cup is off to an exciting start
after Vegas beat Carolina in game one.
The Golden Knights broke the tie in the
final minutes of the third period to go
ahead 5 to4 and sealed the round win.
Game two gets going on Thursday night in
Raleigh. That's your Bloomberg brief.
John
>> Isabelle, thank you. Thank you for the
update. Up next on the program,
cautiously bullish.
>> It's a very narrow market.
>> These are some of the most impressive
companies we've seen in the market.
>> You have to look even at some of these
tech names and say, "Okay, should I take
a little bit off the table?"
>> The second year, I think the setup is
more cautious.
>> Up next, Jonathan Kinsky of BTIG from
New York City. This is Bloomberg.
Stocks down this morning by a tenth of
1% on the S&P, up this morning on the
NASDAQ by 0.2. Under surveillance this
morning, cautiously bullish.
It's a very narrow market. The earnings
are being driven very very small slice.
>> These are some of the most impressive
companies we've seen in the market.
>> You have to look even at some of these
tech names and say, "Okay, should I take
a little bit off the table?"
>> The second half of the year, I think the
setup is more cautious.
>> So, here's the latest this morning. AI
optimism driving stocks to their longest
winning streak in over a year. Some on
Wall Street are warning the record run
could be nearing an end. Jonathan Kinsky
of BTIG warning. While the rally in tech
AI seems like it will never reverse, the
fact remains the breadth issue works
both ways, we continue to think June is
a likely spot for this reversion to
begin. Jonathan joins us for more.
Jonathan, welcome back to the program,
buddy. What's special about June and
this month?
>> Hey Jonathan. So yeah, June historically
is a month where you see uh weakness in
long short momentum. If we look at the
last uh nine years in June, long short
high beta momentum has been down six of
the nine. And that can work both ways.
Historically, it actually the the the
reason the factor is negative in June so
often is because the short side or the
low momentum uh stocks typically rally
and we saw that a little bit on on
Monday to start the month where you had
a breakout in low momentum. Uh the
software is is the largest part of low
momentum. Um but I think this year it's
you could see a situation where both
happens where you could get a continued
upside and low momentum but the high
momentum high beta stocks have just gone
so uh you know extreme to the upside. I
think that the reversion is is likely in
both ways and you know one of the stats
we highlighted in our note is that high
beta momentum long is up 42% in the last
nine weeks. We've only seen that sort of
move into a new high two other periods.
it was late 99 which we see a lot of
similarities in in the price action and
no uh uh early 2021. Um and both of
those you know did see uh a little bit
further upside in that high bit of
momentum but then ultimately did give
those gains back. So I think we're kind
of in one of those periods as well.
Jonathan, I understand the way you see
the world, sitting in your suit as a
technical technician, a strategist,
looking at things on the technical side
of things becoming really, really
stretched, but don't you get the feeling
you're just fighting just incredible
fundamentals right now and a market
really playing catchup to positive
earning sharks?
>> Yeah, I mean that's certainly been the
case this far. Um I think at you know at
some point you have to wonder you know
have those fundamentals been priced in
and you know they continue to to the
market continues to say not yet but I
think you know when you look at some of
these metrics I mean for instance the
S&P 500 tech sector if if the week ended
right now it would be the best 10-week
return for the S&P 5 sector in history
back to 1990. So, that's a lot of
periods where there's been very strong
fundamentals and yet we're still uh ext,
you know, pushing pushing extremes that
we've never seen before.
>> Jonathan, what kind of responses have
you gotten from clients?
>> You know, I think there's there's two
camps. There's um the camp that has, you
know, been been overweight and embracing
it. um and they continue to think
fundamentals support further upside and
there's the camp that you know uh is a
little more of the of the opinion that
we see you know some reversion and again
this doesn't mean that we're in a a
secular top like 99 but even in even in
the late 90s you had some some
meaningful pullbacks and um you know one
of the one of the stats we looked at was
um when the tech sector was uh above a
78 RSI um and more than 25% of the 200
day moving average like it is right now.
You know, what did historical returns
look like? And there were some parts of
95 where you didn't really see much of a
draw down, but even uh July 98 was one
of those and you saw about a 20% draw
down, right? And so, you know, even in
those late 90s periods that were very
strong, you had significant um pullbacks
within the uptrend. And we just, you
know, since since March, we haven't seen
anything that resembles anything sort of
a pullback. Are there any correlations
that you're watching that give a sense
of what could be a forward look of what
could cause a break right now?
>> Correlations inner market or
>> for example with bond yields or for
example with oil prices or for example
with Bitcoin? I mean is there a sense of
kind of what could potentially be moving
in a way that could give you a forward
look of what could break down?
>> You know pretty the correlation between
you know it's really it's really tech AI
and everything else and any sort of
correlation that historically has uh led
to any weakness has has not come to
fruition, right? And so I think that's
another issue is that it's it's kind of
trading in its own world. But you could
point to any number of those. I mean, I
think for bond yields, you you really
need to see um a swift uh significant
move higher in rates, right? It's not
it's not so much the absolute level
right now. It's you would need to see,
you know, the 30-year kind of gap up,
you know, maybe five and a quarter, five
and a half, something like that. Um
because clearly a slow steady move in
rates is not going to to disrupt the the
AI trade. Um sim same same thing with
oil prices. I mean we're pushing 94 $95
on WTI which you know if you if you told
us a few months ago that that would be
the case you would have thought tech
would would certainly come under
pressure. So I think you need to see a a
bigger push there but ultimately I think
you need to see some price action in the
semi trade itself to to really suggest
that a top is in. Jonathan, good to see
you. Jonathan Kriskkey there of BTIG on
semi 90% plus move off the low in March.
Crazy. From New York, the third hour of
Bloomberg surveillance next.
>> What's fueling this market as a cloud
titans?
>> Everyone's piling on. Everyone wants to
grab as much as they can.
>> You have to be invested. At the same
time, you don't want to forget the other
areas of the market.
>> After this equity rally, I think you
have to think about rebalancing. And if
this falls off the tracks, you're going
to see a major market correction.
>> This is Bloomberg Surveillance with
Jonathan Pharaoh, Lisa Abramowitz, and
An Marie Hordern.
>> Live from New York City this morning.
Good morning. Good morning from our
audience worldwide. The third hour of
Bloomberg surveillance starts right now,
and your price action. The scores look
like this. It's pulling back from
all-time highs on the S&P 500 by just a
tenth of 1% following a 9-day winning
streak on the benchmark state side. In
the bond market, 9 days of falling
yields at the long end of the curve.
Something we haven't seen for a couple
of decades. This morning, yields
bouncing back by three basis points of
498 26 on 30s. Still north of 4% heading
into this more data 15 minutes away. ADP
following a very strong ISM and job
openings report in the last few days.
>> The jolts report. I think we have to sit
on this for a hot second because this
was once the justification for the Fed
to hike rates talking about how many job
openings there were per unemployed
American. Well, guess what? It hit a
higher level than anyone expected at the
highest level going back to May of 2024.
This would suggest heat in the labor
market. You have the ratio of job
openings to unemployed individuals
rising to the highest level since
January of last year. Again, heat.
You're not seeing the quits though. What
do you get from this? I mean,
ultimately, this is the question. It's a
quagmire. How do you understand data in
an economy that is fundamentally
shifting with a survey size that seems
to be shrinking? And that ultimately is
the conundrum that I offer to you, John.
>> I remember the good times when you Mitch
used to move rate expectations as well
at the Federal Reserve. Times have
changed.
>> Good times. Good times.
>> They've changed a lot.
>> Yeah. Although what will move the
perception, right? Because ultimately we
have had five different people with five
different opinions about what's driving
inflation and about whether the next
move from the Federal Reserve will be a
hike or a cut on this program alone. So
ultimately, the Fed is trying to give
guidance into a world that isn't looking
for any because nobody seems to have a
clue.
>> I'll say this, if you start to see
unemployment fall, it gets harder to
hold back the hawks on this committee.
And if Kevin Walsh, the Fed chair, wants
to reduce interest rates anytime soon,
it's going to get more difficult. If
that's the case,
>> it's going to get a lot more difficult.
And the Financial Times reporting that
he might not even Jonathan add his own
dot of where he thinks interest rates
should be.
>> Don't hate it.
>> At the next meeting, it would be it
would be a little controversial. It's
your first meeting. You come out and you
decide to be that assertive.
>> Slip into neutral. Can't forecast the
future. Don't want to put any
expectations out there right now. I
promise you this. We'll anchor inflation
expectations. Here's some scenarios for
you. Scenario one. Scenario two. Allow
me to articulate my reaction function.
Let's take it from there.
>> I think you're in the running. This is
very This is very like maybe we can move
on a little bit from the handholding.
>> If he drops the dot, Amry is going to be
picketing. She said, you know, this is
scandalous to drop the dot. How could
you handle it? Your first meeting
>> on dropping the dot. I will say this is
the difficult part for Kevin Walsh as
Fed chair. It's difficult to remove some
of the guidance when the rest of the
committee may well want to provide
guidance and then in some ways you're
outsourcing guidance to the rest of the
committee and deemphasizing the role of
the Fed chair. So I'm not going to
trivialize getting rid of the dot too
much because it could have consequences
that are unforeseen.
>> Well, you can't muzzle the rest of the
committee either. You can't tell them
you can't go out and speak. Remember, we
have almost this renaissance of Fed
speak because of Steve Meyer.
>> He has to earn the credibility before he
starts breaking the rules. And that's
going to be the challenge for him in
getting a lot of different people on
board with him. How does he get a
consensus on a committee, not just sort
of force new changes,
>> kill the dot plot, kill the Jackson Hole
Symposium.
>> Okay, you're trying to Okay, we're we're
we're going to different
news conference, no statement,
>> right? Look, I think that there is room
for a framework type of layout. I think
it is important to understand that if
you just stop talking entirely, people
are going to think you're politically
motivated. And that's not going to be
good for the market.
>> Why would that be politically motivated?
>> Because then people can give whatever
narrative they want to any move he
makes. If you don't explain it, then
people could say, "Oh, he's not he's
cutting rates or he's not going to cut
rates. He's not going to hike rates
because he's in in Trump's camp." People
can give the political motivations if he
doesn't speak.
>> People are going to do that whatever
happens. Believe me.
>> All right. I just think it's easier if
you actually lay out your rationale than
you can have an economic
>> and that's the unfortunate outcome of
all of this. The ill-advised attacks on
the institution. It's going to make life
difficult for Kevin Walsh for quite a
while.
>> Unfortunately,
>> discussing can help things. Discuss it.
Talk about your feelings.
>> Okay. Coming up on the program, David
Stubs looking to avoid that. He joins us
from Alpha Core Wealth Advisory with
stocks of record highs. CJ Muse of Can
Fitzgerald heading into earnings from
Broadcom later on this afternoon. Alicia
Lavine of BMY Wealth boosting her
year-end target on the S&P. Looking
forward to catching up with Alicia a
little bit later this hour. We begin
this hour with stocks on a 9-day winning
run following a wave of earnings
momentum. David Stubs of Alpha Core
writing, "The divergence between
momentum stocks and quality stocks is
close to historical extremes. We
continue to source ways to play the AI
boom outside of tech." David joins us
now for more. David, good morning. Good
to see you.
>> Good morning. I enjoyed the discussion
about the Pharaoh Fed there. I I have no
doubt we'll get to the Fed in just a
moment without me leading it, without me
sitting on that board either. I've got
no plans to do anything. I don't think
they have either. Your thoughts on where
those opportunities lie beyond just
tech.
>> Sure. Absolutely. And still the energy
side of the AI you story and energy is a
pretty small part of the S&P 3 to 4%. Uh
there are markets around the world where
you can get more exposure in liquid
markets, but we continue to lean into
private markets to get that exposure.
Right? You can now invest in private
infrastructure funds for example where
they own collections of energy assets
some hydrocarbon some renewable very
long-term um you know offtake you know
contracts with the hyperscalers 10 to 15
years now that's much much more of a
stabilized income you know uh you know
um way to play it but that's often what
people are looking for when they've got
so much of this volatile equity already
and we continue to rebalance gradually
so we believe in the AI story but we
just want to find ways to play it both
public and private
>> just to extend that a little bit how
much value correction is taking place in
private markets right now, hidden from
public markets. And with that in mind,
what does that tell you about the
prospects of these IPOs taking place
later this year?
>> Massive. This is a seismic year in the
history of private markets because of
those, you know, three IPOs. Now,
everyone knows the story here, right?
Companies been staying private longer.
SpaceX is 20 plus years old. Uh, you
seeing, you know, companies being much
larger in the private space. These are
going to be gargantuan IPOs. At the same
time, I think that the the focus on the
IPOs misses some of the the broader
story. The real development that's going
on in private markets is the deepening
of the secondaries market, the deepening
of uh you of the continuation fund
market. H and and I think you're seeing
the ecosystem kind of backfill now to to
be a real competitor to the public
market. So um look at Alpha Core, we
believe that private market should be at
the core of a portfolio. We like public
markets as well. The combination, John,
is really when the magic happens.
>> Which slice of private markets do you
see this sort of FOMO? Uh this fear of
missing out on the initial phases and
the value gain before some of these
companies IPO. Yeah, there's there's
almost a new asset class being created
here, right? And that's, you know,
venture capital growth, right? So, the
traditional venture capital model of
course is pre-revenue, pre- earnings.
Um, and we still believe that that's an
important asset class. We like to put
clients into um a diversified vehicle of
say 8 to 10 you funds around there. But
then you're seeing these these funds now
because they're staying or these
companies because they're staying uh you
private longer, they become very large,
profitable, cash flowing. And some VCs
want to get out before the IPO. So you
see now this kind of space in between
the exit of the VCs and going public
that's that slice now some people call
it venture capital um you know growth
that's where there's some FOMO or get me
into SpaceX get me into you know you
know anthropic etc because the returns
have been so you know so powerful and
because they're so iconic now right
these are new asset classes new
industries AI space tech that's not
going to happen every day but that's
certainly what the conversation is with
clients
>> there are two aspects here on one hand
people want to get in before the IPO to
try to get the value on the other there
is so much money being raised it has to
come from somewhere where is the sucking
sound is it from cash is it from Bitcoin
as Amry was mentioning before is it from
some of the venture capital areas is
there enough to go around
>> I think there is and you there are some
asset classes like private credit for
example which are not seeing the the you
know gusher of flows that they that they
um enjoyed for a a number of years you
know household wealth in the US all-time
high right something in in the region of
180 trillion. Um I think there's plenty
of of money for the you know for these
for these uh for these iconic IPOs and
look there are some parts of the markets
that continue to to struggle like there
was we didn't get much play because you
we're talking about the big companies
driving drive driving the index. I don't
think that there's a shortage of money
for for companies that compelling. No.
>> Well, the other parts of the market
potential risks are going to be tariffs
are back in focus. We're going to have a
10% ring around the United States
according to the section 301
investigation. likely maybe 12 and a
half for some countries and on top of
that the president of United States is
saying we might be here for longer when
it comes to the straight of Hermuz and
the blockage
>> basically the entire summer.
>> Yeah.
>> Yeah. That's it. Yeah.
>> Well, this is I was I was here in early
April and we all concluded around this
table that
>> you don't seem phased. I mean for me it
is
>> Well, the two sides are soismic moves in
the real economy and you are just
unfased.
>> Well, I'm I'm not I'm not unfased. I
wouldn't be unfased if I was a you know
a small Asian economy with significant
you know import requirements across you
know distillates I wouldn't be phased in
Europe with no domestic hydrocarbons we
see the the composite PMI in Europe
rolling over right we see um a dangerous
combination of political turmoil and an
energy shock the ECB maybe being forced
into into hiking again we've we've we've
run this this movie many times the ECB
hiking into an energy shock that usually
doesn't and and and well but here we're
sitting here in the in the
with uh you know with I think an economy
which does have some decent momentum. Um
but yes, I think that if we do see that
we're going to see significant
disruptions internationally.
>> Should we finish on the Fed?
>> Sure.
>> We started there. What are your
expectations? Two weeks today for Kevin
Walsh, the new Fed chair.
>> I think he's going to try to lay out his
vision. I think it'd be bold to to to
remove his own dot and and I'm not sure
if he could ask the entire committee to
have no dots you there. But um I agree
that the the the Fed probably
overcommunicates for sure and I think
that there's a little bit of a binary
outcome here. They're either going to
look through the the uh the inflation
and the recovery of the labor market
that we're seeing and of course um it's
payroll Friday uh you you this week. You
you asked in the leadin what actually
moves the needle? Wage growth moves
moves the needle, right? And that so you
need obviously job growth, lower
unemployment rate and then uh your wage
growth. I wish I was on tomorrow morning
because you got the unit labor costs and
productivity data that comes out
quarterly. One of my favorite releases
you there. If unit labor costs are very
low right now and that's the number one
thing if I were be you doubbish if that
changes throughout the year they will
have to hike. And here's the thing John
they don't just hike once they'll hike
multiple times. Already on the Bloomberg
terminal you can you can go to the
Taylor rule section and you have all the
different rules etc. that's saying they
should be at four and a half, not three
and a half, right? And so just like the
labor market, you know, you kind of
bullied them into some cuts last year
and the previous you year. If the labor
market strengthens again, there will be
a hiking cycle of three or four, no
matter what Walshes said. But I would
bet he'd have to wait up until after the
midterms.
>> The stubs Federal Reserve after the
midterms. Why?
>> Because for political reasons.
>> Doesn't that make it political?
>> I always struggle with that one. And I
hear that a few times regardless who's
running the Federal Reserve, by the way.
They won't do it here, they'll do it
then because of politics. It makes it
political, doesn't it?
>> At the fringes of the of the of of
things, we've seen a Fed that's
obviously, as you said, in the leadin
has has been under attack significantly
for multiple years across two different
presidencies now. And at the fringes,
there's uh you I think some erosion of
that independence,
>> but they cut ahead of the last
presidential election.
>> Sure. Well, there's some erosion, but I
think when the labor market is clearly
show, you know, showing some
deterioration, this this Fed is always
more focused on the labor market than
inflation because a they have a full
employment mandate and b their
framework, Philips, your framework, um
suggest that the labor market will
ultimately determine the path of
inflation. Hasn't worked out like that
so far, but that's why they're so
sensitive when the unemployment rate
starts to rise as it was last year and
the year before.
>> It's a powerful point to say there's
been an erosion of independence. What do
you point to as evidence of that?
>> Yeah. Well, I suspect that there could
be a less independent you chairman
coming in, but I I I obviously have to
wait and see, right? And yeah, you know,
I hope that that we see um you a
commitment to independence. Give the
president credit. He did say that when
he when he when you when you wash was
confirmed. So, let's hope he sticks to
his word.
>> David, it's good to see you. It always
is. Thanks for being here, buddy. Thank
you. David Stubs there of Alphaore on
the future of the Federal Reserve. Look,
>> the Fed's always been political.
Remember the Arthur Burns Fed? It's not
as if this has never happened before.
Ultimately, the question is, can the
market penalize a politicized Fed? And
the market has a habit of doing that. I
mean, or do we go full turkey and then
suddenly you have a currency problem on
your hand?
>> We're not going full turkey.
>> Well, if we're not going full turkey,
then ultimately the corrector will be
markets that will dictate exactly what
moves have to be made.
>> We're not going full turkey because
we're not Turkey because the president
wasn't able to fire anyone. And that's
difference between Turkey and the United
States that the institutions held up. In
fact, I think it's been a great test of
institutional resilience over the last
12 months. We've had the stress test and
here we are.
>> This is the reason why even though we
have had politicization in many
different points with many different Fed
chairs, there still is credibility that
ultimately this Federal Reserve is going
to respond to what the market gives it.
And what the market is giving it right
now is why the heck do you have an
easing bias? And that is the reason why
they're probably going to run. The
>> passion you hear right there is the
passion that Lisa has for Jackson Hole,
Wyoming. Okay.
>> The annual Fed symposium.
>> I'm excited for the framework
>> in August. I bet you are.
>> Just because I like to hike doesn't mean
it's beautiful in the backdrop.
>> I know you don't like bears.
>> I don't like bears and I don't like the
lodge. You know,
>> I heard it's not very nice. Actually,
I've heard the hotel situation's not
great.
>> It's fun. You're out in the woods. It's
beautiful. I love the national parks.
>> I I'll give you a review a little bit
later. All right. Let's give an update
on stories elsewhere this morning with
your Bloomberg brief. Isabelle Lee has
more. Hey Isabelle.
>> Hi John. SpaceX is planning to set the
terms of its IPO as early as today.
Reuters reporting the company is aiming
to sell shares at $135 a piece for a
record-breaking $75 offering. The
company is reserving 30% of its shares
for retail investors, three times the
historical norm for major listing.
Cliffwwaterat's flagship private credit
fund is capping redemptions at 5% in the
second quarter as investors try to pull
about 17% of their shares. According to
a letter seen by Bloomberg, Cliffwater
informed shareholders they'd get about a
third of their requested money back. And
Japanese toilet maker Toto is
capitalizing on unexpected demand from
AI chip makers that are looking to use
its advanced ceramics to withstand dirt,
corrosion, and high temperatures. Toto
expects chip related operations to
exceed half of its total capex in coming
years. That's your Bloomberg brief. John
>> Isabelle, thank you. Thank you for the
update. The ADP jobs number just
dropping, rising 122. Small upside
price. The estimate was 120. That's a
pretty decent number crossing the
Bloomberg following decent job openings
and a strong. Up next, we'll get you
some morning calls. Plus, CJ Muse of Can
Fitzgerald expecting strong results from
Broadcom, the next big test for chips
live from New York. Good morning.
This is going to be really a tidal wave
of IPOs and obviously it starts with
SpaceX and look it just it speaks to our
view about the fourth industrial
revolution. It's going to be a watershed
event in terms of the space actor for
Musk and it just speaks to our view. I
mean, records will be broke over the
coming weeks, whether it's the Knicks or
SpaceX IP.
>> I had to squeeze the Knicks in there,
Dan. I
>> You haven't talked about it all day.
I've been upset.
>> Game one at what time?
>> I think it's at 7 or 8 p.m.
>> Real fano.
>> Oh, yeah.
>> All right. Equity futures on the S&P
500. Negative by a tenth of what? 8:30.
>> 8:30. Good to know. Thanks, Amarie. I'll
be in bed on the NASDAQ this morning.
You will, too.
>> I'm going to watch the first quarter.
>> Okay, good for you. Real fan. Up by 0.2%
2% on the NASDAQ 100. That's the price
action. Let's get you some morning
calls. First up, Wells Fargo raising its
price target on PaloAlto Networks to
325, seeing strength in its AI
positioning. Your second call from UPS
lifting its price target on Snowflake to
370, citing healthy spending trends and
growing AI demand. And finally, JP
Morgan hiking its price target on ASML
to a street high 2200. And the company's
messaging is a lot more positive after
strong customer orders. That stock down
slightly by 0.4%. Tech leading markets
higher over the last few months. The
semis index has been absolutely flying,
posting its best day in weeks, led by a
massive Marval rally. Investors awaiting
results from Broadcom a little bit later
this afternoon and of course the
historic SpaceX IPO through the summer.
Mandy Singh of Bloomberg Intelligence
joins us now for more. Mandy, welcome to
the program. We'll turn to Broadcom in
just a moment. Just SpaceX their
approach to this road show is different.
It just feels like before they even
speak to anyone they can just pick a
price. How different is this mandate?
>> It is different in a lot of ways and you
know the the float that they will be
coming out uh to the market with is
going to be less than 5%. So that's
quite unusual in itself and uh you know
more than 50% of the stock will be
eligible to be uh you know uh come to
the market uh after one year and that's
where you know the because of the thin
float and the way they have priced this
it'll be interesting to see what sort of
uh you know a supply demand mismatch it
creates and uh I I think that's where
they're going with pricing this IPO
which in my opinion is very richly
priced when you compare compare it you
know to some of the other names that
have gone public at 80 to 100 time you
know current sales this is as rich as it
can get but yes they have a dominant
position and you know the Starlink and
the space launch business and the XAI
business is where they will put a lot of
capex so from that perspective there is
a good story to tell
>> Mandep you mentioned some of the
technical factors once this goes public
once it goes public it's going into the
index pretty quickly based on the
guidance we've been offered so far from
the index providers with that in mind
how nausey noisy is that individual name
going to be and what does that introduce
to the index?
>> I mean look uh I I think all the ETFs
would look to uh add this name uh to the
ETF. So from that perspective again that
thim float is going to play a role
because everyone will want it to be part
of their ETF once it's part of the
index. So uh I do think you know uh the
fundamentals are robust but uh the way
it's priced uh it's it's more than
priced for perfection and it'll be
interesting to see what sort of you know
pop the IPO gets given the pricing that
they have laid out. Mandep thank you
buddy we're going to be speaking about
this a lot no doubt in the next few
months mandep sing there of bloomberg
intelligence I mentioned broadcom
they're reporting a little bit later CJ
moves of counterfeit expecting a modest
beat and raise from the company saying
the stock remains a top pick and
reiterates his overweight rating CJ
joins us now for more CJ welcome to the
show it's good to see you what are you
expecting to see later this afternoon
>> yeah thanks for uh for having me so for
Broadcom you know I think similar trends
that we've seen elsewhere across AI high
uh you know solid beat and raise but
really uh a greater focus on upside for
calendar 27. Uh they previously
highlighted significantly better than
hundred billion for AI revenues in
calendar 27 and we would expect them to
raise that to 110 120 where buyside
expectations are as high as 140 billion.
So, you know, I think that the challenge
we have right now is that compute is
constrained. Uh wafers are constrained.
Uh it takes time to build out data
centers. Uh and so the real upside to
numbers will come next year, not this
year. But, you know, investors are are
definitely, you know, willing to make
that bet.
>> CJ, what kind of commentary are you
looking for to understand who Broadcom's
biggest partners are? We've heard about
their deals with Anthropic, talked about
Google. How important is you is it for
you to see exactly how strong some of
those relationships are?
>> Yeah, I mean obviously Google is their
number one relationship uh and uh they
have a multi-year agreement with them
and you know we feel very confident uh
in the builds there. We can see the
co-as data from TSMC uh and so I think
there's real upside to the numbers there
although I would say there there are
some concerns whether MediaTek is making
greater inroads there. So that'll be a
focus. um Anthropic um is buying just
chips, not racks. Uh so I'd say
near-term the one worry is perhaps lower
revenues uh from Anthropic because of
only going chip solution, not full rack
solution. Um and then I think the um
perhaps underappreciated
uh customer uh is Meta uh where the
content uh that we're seeing is growing
demonstrabably. And so I think that will
be a kind of a hidden gem that will
drive uh material growth into 2027 as
they ramp uh their internal silicon
>> as Nvidia broadens out its offerings and
tries to get into new types of chips
whether it's TPUs or whether it's
broadening out in some of the
consumerfacing chips how does Broadcom
maintain an edge
>> well you know I think from Broadcom's
perspective their goal is uh attacking
very large projects, right? And and so
they're really looking at the
foundational models. Uh they're looking
at timebased reasoning. Uh and you know,
I think that's a big enough pie for
them. Um you know, on the other hand, I
think Nvidia, uh is is working, you
know, very hard for uh all parts of
inference, you know, including decode
where, you know, they recently uh
acquired Grock. Um so I think different
business strategies but you know if you
take a step back um to make a great AI
chip or accelerator you need worldclass
certis uh and it is Nvidia and Broadcom
that have that and others have it you
know synopsis license it Marbell has it
MediaTek has it alchip but you know I
would say they all pale in comparison to
the top two and you know if you want
that high quality chip you're going to
go with one of those two players The
next big report later this afternoon CJ
good to catch up. CJ moves there of
Caner Fitzgerald on Broadcom. The more
boring part of the semi-index right now
up just 40% so far this year.
>> Not exactly like SK Highex which is up
what a thousand%.
>> I just can't keep up with those South
Korean names.
>> I mean they can't even keep up with
themselves.
>> The Cosby is just ridiculous.
>> I mean it's 102% gain so far this year
>> plus. And then you see big moves
overnight here there and everywhere. The
volatility you're getting in the Asian
market. You're pushing so much capital
into just a handful of names.
>> Yeah. And it really uh is sort of an
ecosystem. What is it? $400,000 bonuses
now from Samsung. It gives a sense of
how many people are going to say, "If
you guys are getting that,
>> hey, they want to get paid,
>> you know, and you're telling them that's
what they should be doing.
>> They want to get paid." Dana Peterson of
the Conference Board joins us next
alongside Alicia Lavine of BNY on the
riskto markets and the US consumer.
The data so far this week has been
pretty tremendous. At the headline
level, we can get into the nuance stuff,
but at the headline level, ISM
manufacturing first day of the week
expanded at the fastest pace in four
years. Jolts yesterday, second day of
the week, came in exceeding all
estimates. That's job openings in
America, better than expected. ADP just
moments ago in line 122. That's a decent
jobs number. Now, you might not put much
weight on the ADP number, but I can tell
you if we get a jobs number close to 120
on Friday, that's some serious strength
going into the Fed's meeting two weeks
today.
>> And it's the direction of travel, too.
It's just this linear shift up over the
past couple of readings steadily
improving. And the commentary that we've
heard from ADP, from Mila Richardson, is
they're actually seeing signs of a
recovery. You're seeing signs of that in
a number of different places. Key
question for Friday, how much do you see
that coming in wage gains? And is the
wage gain figure more representative of
the composition of jobs being created or
by actual uh onetoone comparisons? In
other words, is it just that people are
are seeing their wages not increase that
much because the jobs they getting
aren't as high paid, or is there
something else going on?
>> How tight is this labor market? What's
the potential for inflation? And does it
offer even more fuel for the hawks on
the FOMC? Let's turn to this equity
market. Equity futures this morning down
by 210 of 1% nine days of gains. If you
make it day 10, Lisa gave it a stat
earlier on this morning. You make it day
10 is the longest daily winning streak
going back to the mid '9s. Just bonkers
the run this market is on at the moment.
>> Yeah, even more bonkers if we make it a
10th week of gains. We're going to have
to go to back to the mid 1980s to get a
comparable run, which is the reason why
people like Jonathan Kinsky aren't
feeling so good. They're saying
technically this is making us have the
yips and the gips and the whatever else.
But this is a very big concern for
people. How long can this continue? At
the same time, earnings, earnings,
earnings. That's what everybody keeps
saying and that's ultimately what they
keep playing.
>> Sitting this out and going short are
very different decisions to make. I know
that technically we are very, very
stretched, but Krinsky was making that
point a month ago and we've added even
more weight to the rally in the last
four weeks
>> and the earnings have outperformed to
the degree where we're seeing still 20
30% single day moves in very big stocks
and that's that's what you're fighting.
You're fighting a positive earning shock
in this equity market right now if
you're on the wrong side of the trade.
Of course, in the bond market, yields
are higher across the curve. We're up by
four to five basis points on 10 at 450.
Close to that number this morning.
Coming into today, yields were down nine
consecutive sessions on 30s. Just a
break of 5% getting close to breaking
back above it now at 49927. Yields are
higher by four basis points. That's the
setup this morning in stocks and bonds.
Let's get you some single names for
morning movers. Yahira has more. Hi
Yhira.
>> Hi John. Marll is stealing the spotlight
with its near 12% jump this morning.
Still getting a boost from Nvidia CEO
Jensen Wong calling it the next trillion
dollar company. But if you look around
you'll see the other chip makers gaining
as well. Intel up 6% and Broadcom which
reports after the bell today up 2%. That
stock has been on a tear lately adding
more than $280 billion in market value
in just the last four sessions. Uh
turning to GitLab, those shares are
sinking uh some 6% in the pre-market
despite posting a beat. And what
Barkclay's analysts are saying is that
this is because investors are focused on
on signs of slowing growth beneath the
surface at a time when they want to be
seeing significant growth as more
companies use the AI coding tools like
theirs um for coding. And GitLab also
announced it is reducing its workforce
by 14%. And we end on the retailer
Macy's seeing a bump. Shares are up 2.3%
after it raised its sales outlook for
the full year. And if you want another
example of the K-shaped economy playing
out, Macy's has it. CEO Tony Spring has
been focused on growing the company's
luxury uh business through Bloomingdales
and its beauty chain uh Blue Mercury.
And those bets to capture more consumers
that are willing to spend appear to be
paying off. John
>> Yhari, thank you. Big fan.
>> I love Blue Mercury.
>> Big fan. Why? What's special?
>> It's really good. Just brands, high-end
brands of skinincare and tiny, easy to
go in and out. They do great deals. It's
like another level on Ulta.
>> Okay, if you missed the review of retail
earlier on this morning, it's pretty
special.
>> Catch the full show on Bloomberg.com on
YouTube. Check. We're not going to
repeat
blooming.
>> It's time to talk about the economy.
David Peterson of the Conference Board
writing, "The data suggests no real
break to the downside or to the upside
for the labor market. The unemployment
rate remains a puzzle. Let's get into
that. Danny joins us now for more.
Danny, welcome to the program. What's
puzzling about the unemployment rate?
>> Well, you have all these different
dynamics and the problem with any rate
is that there's a numerator and a
denominator. We know that in the
denominator, the workforce is shrinking.
Um, that's due to the fact that many
people are retiring. Immigration is
stricter. Meanwhile, on top, we're not
really seeing much movement. there's
still this kind of low hire low fire um
behavior among companies and what we are
seeing is more people entering the labor
market. So that helps the bottom and the
top but they're not really finding
employment quickly.
>> So on net Dana put it all together. Are
we getting a tighter labor market or a
looser one?
>> I don't think the labor market is
necessarily tight or loose. It's really
an industry specific conversation. Of
course you have the companies that are
uh most influenced by technology such as
the tech firms who are driving this
whole technological advancement but also
finance, transportation and warehousing
and also retail. Those are the companies
those are the industries that are
downsizing in terms of people and
ramping up on tech like AI. Um but many
other uh areas are not really moving and
the main gains we've seen have been in
health care and then more recently we've
seen a bit of an improvement in uh
temporary employment. Now for years it
seemed like that measure was just kind
of broken but now it's improving. Um but
overall most companies aren't really
doing much and the labor market remains
pretty balanced. One of the confusing
aspects to answer John's question of is
this a labor market that's tight or
loose is the wage component. And
everybody keeps saying the wage
component is going to be the key one in
determining how much uh tightness there
actually is. Is that also confusing at
this moment based on the changing
composition of jobs that are available?
>> Well, I I'm not sure if that's the best
measure to look at in terms of
tightness. Um indeed wage growth has
normalized after it spiked uh post
pandemic. Um but you need again it's an
industry story. You have uh some sectors
where wages are just kind of flat.
They're not really growing um in either
direction. Um but for many others wages
are still growing at a pace that's
higher than it was pre- pandemic. Um but
the the the problem is that it's about
inflation. So even though wages are not
materially different uh month over
month, inflation is eating away at this
and we're seeing real income growth,
real disposable income growth uh was
actually somewhat negative in the most
recent reading. And that's really what's
going to matter for consumers in terms
of spending and also how much demand
destruction there is or isn't that will
determine what businesses do in the
future. Well, this is what I'm getting
at and and I guess maybe another way to
ask this is are wages a leading
indicator or a lagging indicator? Are
given the fact that we're seeing
headline figures coming out of the
different jobs metrics doing pretty well
actually improving? Will wage growth
follow or is that actually giving you a
sense that maybe some of the headline
figures aren't painting the whole
picture?
>> Well, again, you need to smooth out
these figures because we had a number of
poor readings and now we have a number
of better readings. But again, it's
highly concentrated. A lot of it is in
health care. Um, and so I'm not sure if
that's like a broad improvement in the
labor market, and it's also not a broad
weakening either. And wages are a
lagging indicator. And certainly, you
will see wages rise at a faster pace in
those industries that are suffering from
labor shortages and also those in-person
industries where you can't use AI to
work from home uh to care for a person
in the hospital. So you're going to see
wage pressures there but probably not in
other places. So it's really going to
balance out.
>> Also what's interesting about jolts is
the concentration one industry. It
wasn't also just healthcare. There is
this business services that we saw an
uptick of openings. I thought the whole
idea was AI was going to be crowding out
these jobs. Now actually they do realize
they need humans.
>> Well business services are really is a
really broad category that includes a
lot of things across many many sectors.
I'm not sure why there was a big opening
in that but it could be related to the
improvement that we have been seeing in
temporary employment and oftentimes
business services companies will source
tempor temporary employees. Um so that's
it's really isolated and we need to see
if that persists. Uh but still in all I
would say that there's really no big
movements in the labor market and the
key leading indicator is actually hours
worked. um hours worked have also pretty
much normalized from the uh outsiz
readings post pandemic when we were
trying to refill the the labor market.
Um but if you start seeing hours worked
across industries falling that's not a
good sign. But so far when I look at the
internals of the data um I'm not really
seeing anything shocking in either
direction. I think the labor market's
still okay and that the Fed can feel
comfortable with that. Not really seeing
big risks to the labor market at this
point.
>> Dana, good to see you. Denny Pison there
at the conference board heading into
payrolls in just a few days time. Let's
get the view on Wall Street this
morning. Alicia Lavine of BNY Wealth
raising her year-end target on the S&P
to 8K. She writes the risk is to the
upside with plenty of volatility from
stubborn inflation and climbing yields.
Alicia joined us now for more. Alicia,
good morning.
>> Good morning.
>> New title 2. Congratulations.
>> Thank you very much. I I have to say
when I saw the promotion I thought you
were already the CIO. So congratulations
anyway.
>> Thank you. It's very exciting. We're
excited.
>> Well, we're excited to have you with us
today. Let's talk about the upside here.
Typically people come on and talk about
downside risk. You're talking about
upside risk. There's still upside risk
here. What kind of reaction are you met
with when you put that message to
clients? incredul like people people
just are so used to hearing the negative
case and really there have been so many
policy shocks since early 2025 that
people are used to hearing what all the
downside risks are but I think
ultimately I think we understand what
happening in the straight of hormuz and
the inflation expectations and the more
hawkish tilt to some of the FOMC members
like I think the market is absorbing
that and knows that it's not new like we
know that and I think ultimately the
market is essentially priced in that
whatever happens whether there's some
more hot conflict or what it's going to
be over like it's not going on forever
and it's going to be over whether that's
right or wrong that is the pricing right
now and so it's essentially the market's
looking through this I think the biggest
risk here is some of the parabas that
have developed in some of the tech
stocks that you know if there's a
blowoff here then you could could take
some of the market with it and I would
say in addition to higher yields you
probably have just market structure risk
around that. But I don't think it's
fundamental, right? I don't think it's
fundamental. I think it is a typical
sell-off.
>> Well, let's talk about the fundamentals.
We're kind of sick of hearing the same
thing repeatedly, which is earnings are
great. Earnings are great. If you plot
earnings on a chart, it looks like we've
just come out of recession, right? The
growth is that incredible. Where is this
positive earnings shot come from? And
how did everybody miss it?
>> Okay, so it's really fascinating. So, we
did we looked at earnings. I kept on
saying, "Wow, the hyperscalers are
spending $700 billion this year. What
did what did that do to earnings?" Like,
how do we understand that for the rest
of the S&P? Right? So, it turn we did
the study. It turns out 45
AI capex beneficiaries
are growing their earnings in 2026 an
average of 70% this year. Okay. So all
that hyperscaler spending raised the
earnings of about 10% of the S&P 45
companies an average of 70%.
Nevertheless, the rest of the market is
still growing at 15% this year which is
a spectacular number also. So the level
of beat is clearly coming from the AI
spend, the shortages, the buildout.
That's true. But I'd say underneath
there's quite a healthy market and the
margins are still high and not just
driven by those names. I've tried and
I've tried again to be skeptical of the
earnings of what we're going to get. It
hasn't worked because ultimately they've
been beat beating and then some. The
skepticism comes in to whether everyone
can win to this degree without there
being a consequence and that consequence
coming in the form of higher inflation.
How much do you start embedding that
into your expectations? So I think
ultimately this is part we've you know
sort of had this this presentation that
we give to clients and just like not
tactical about what the market's doing
but really like how do we think about
the world we're in. We're still in that
postcoid world. In the pre-COVID world
no major economy was able to get to even
2% inflation. In the postcoid world, you
know, everybody's every major economy is
hanging out at three near three or three
plus. And that's the world we're in.
It's a world of populism. It's a world
of re-industrialization. It's a world of
supply chains coming home. So, it's not
just particularly what's happening with
AI spend. This is the trend that we've
been in. And in that world, you need
different kinds of portfolios. So, I
think the inflation is real. Um, I think
central banks are going to struggle with
is this a one-time bump or is this going
to be embedded? Is this going to be a
second wave? Like we've seen studies of
second waves. when you've had high
inflation four or five years previously
and the Fed starts cutting, do they cut,
you know, do they do they remain um
dovish too long? I think that's that's
it's a thorny issue. I mean, reasonable
minds can disagree on that. I think for
now um I believe the Fed is unlikely to
hike this year. I think they're unlikely
to cut too at this point.
>> At this point, then where is the biggest
risk in the market? if you're seeing
earnings come in strong and you're
seeing the potential for a stickier
inflation moment.
>> So besides the inflation moment getting
into core services which would clearly
create a problem for the Fed, I think
the real issue here is the rate of
change of capex spend because that's
what's driven the earnings. Right? I
just said 10% of the S&P is growing at
70% this year and next year it's about
35%. Those are the expectations. So I
think the street has consistently
underestimated the capex spend. So maybe
we have another year of this. But I
think we have to look out for the fact
that at some point the spend rate is
going to flatten or the you the rate of
change is going to be lower while still
positive. And what does that do to the
market? And I think that's just
something we have to be alert to. So
when we think about 2027 earnings, 2028
earnings, are those realistic? And I
think that's the biggest risk in the
market.
>> There was a note out from Goldman this
morning. They expect a combined 5.3
trillion of capex spending for the four
largest hyperscalers, Meta, Microsoft,
Amazon, Alphabet from 2025 to 2030. So
are you basically saying that we don't
have to worry about this till 2030? I
I'm saying we this could be a 1994
moment. Yes. I don't know. Like I don't
know. Like I'm I'm putting it out there
like one thing we know is that when
there's this kind of spend and if we are
in the fourth industrial revolution at
some point there will be overspend. We
don't know where, we don't know what.
Right now, it does not appear to be. And
so, as investors, when you look forward
12 to 18 months, where are the risks?
And I think that's the risk here. Like,
you know, do you get that spend? And
what happens when the rate of change
just goes a little negative? Not that
the spend goes negative, but maybe, you
know, you're flat for a year or you're
flat for two years and then your
earnings then you're just going on the
rest of the economy to drive the
earnings. And is that enough if you're a
21 multiple?
>> Alicia, it's good to see you. You're
gonna stick with us. Alicia Lavine there
of BNY. There has been quite a wealth
transfer from the higher scalers to some
of these chip stocks. In fact, a wealth
transfer on a historical basis. A
monster wealth transfer.
>> Yeah, we're talking about a,000% in some
cases in terms of the wealth transfer,
particularly when it comes to memory and
other aspects that are required for the
buildout of some of these tools. How
long that's going to last is the key
question.
>> People keep feeding it.
>> Yeah.
>> Keep growing in the debt market.
Demand's there. The equity market
apparently demands there too. Equity
futures this morning slightly softer.
Let's get you an update on stories
worldwide with your Bloomberg brief.
Isabelle Lee has more. Hey Isabelle.
>> Hi John. Recapping the latest read on
the labor market. ADP payrolls rose more
than expected coming in at 122,000 in
May compared to estimates of 120,000.
Service providing jobs accounted for the
bulk of those figures with 114,000 added
in the month. President Donald Trump
says he quote would like to meet Iran's
supreme leader and that he probably will
depending on how it all works out. Trump
says Iran has already agreed it will not
have a nuclear weapon, but tan could
change its mind. And USA Rare Earth and
the US Commerce Department have
finalized agreements for the mining
company to receive up to 1.6 billion
under the chips program. This brings the
total capital committed to supporting
USA rare earth to around $3.5 billion.
That's your Bloomberg brief. John
>> Isabelle, thank you. Thank you for this
morning. Up next on the program, we'll
set you up for the day and a week ahead.
And you'll have more from Alicia Lavine
of BN White from New York City. You're
watching Bloomberg TV.
equity demand has been very strong. The
balance of overall of overall
positioning is that it's not enough to
be a tailwind of this market, but it's
probably not quite enough to be an
absolute headwind like we got to back at
the end of 2021. The question is how
much can this speculative portion of
markets continue?
>> Cam Dawson, New Edge Wealth. Cameron
Dawson on the program a little bit
earlier on this morning. If you're just
joining us, welcome to the program. And
the opening bell 38 minutes away. Equity
futures on the S&P 500 look like this.
We're down just 210 of 1% following a
9-day winning run on the S&P 500. The
longest winning streak of the year so
far. Make it day 10. Bremo said it
earlier. The longest winning streak
going back to the mid90s. On the last
day this morning, just about unchanged.
As we count it down to the cash open,
this is the day ahead and the week ahead
for you. The trading diary shaping up as
follows. Later on this morning, durable
goods and ISM services data. 10:00 a.m.
You'll also hear from the US Treasury
Secretary Scott Besson testifying before
the Senate. 2 p.m. the Beige book from
the Federal Reserve after the close
results from Broadcom and Crowd Strike
tomorrow. Another round of jobless
claims. Friday, the payrolls report.
Still with us around the table, Alicia
Lavine of BNY Wealth. Alicia, I'm going
to ask the following question and maybe
it tells you a lot about where we are
right now. Things are decent. Is there a
point where it becomes too good, so hot
that this Fed needs to step in?
>> Oh, absolutely. I mean, I think the most
interesting thing is the ADP jobs data
this morning and the last two jobs
reports were pretty good. Um, the hourly
earnings are still subdued. So, we're
and and you spoke to Dana um just
recently about that and still subdued,
but I think you know if we had something
of a midcycle slowdown because of the
accumulated effect of tariff uncertainty
and then the start of the war, right?
And you can see that in some of the
data, like do you get to a place where
you're growing and the labor market's
actually pretty stable and consumers
keep on spending through this? I mean,
the red book sales data shows that
year-over-year sales are actually higher
than they've been in many years. So,
whatever's whatever concern we have
about the consumer and clearly concern
there's still spending going on. So
there is a place where, you know, at
some point if there's inflation in the
core and the labor market's okay and it
looks like there's an inflection on in
growth, then the Fed has an issue.
>> It's two weeks too soon.
>> Um, yeah, it's it's it's it's I think we
we need more jobs data here, but I think
that I don't think they're going to
change their they may go to a neutral
stance on the statement, but I think
they're going to be really, you know,
um, alert to this. And look, I think
Kevin Worsh has has has a dilemma on his
hands because he's been historic hawk on
these things.
>> Do you think that any kind of inflation
problem is coming more from the oil
story or more from the infrastructure
buildout as well as some of the consumer
strength that we've seen?
>> So I think it's both. I think it's less
the consumer strength right now and I
think because there are choices being
made right there there is some there we
choiceful consumer. So I think overall
the data is holding up but I think there
is choiceful consumer but I think
clearly the oil issue and like you know
as you know oil goes into every single
product so at some point it's going to
wind up core services it's going to wind
up in core goods um not just topline
that's a real issue um and I think that
the data center buildout obviously so if
memor is that expensive and you know
prices are up eight nine times because
supply is limited and you're a consumer
product company and you're purchasing
the chips and then you have to raise the
prices, you see pretty quickly how the
data center buildout winds up in higher
inflation overall and I think that
that's a real issue.
>> Alicia, it's always good to catch up.
Congrats once again. It's good to see
you. Thank you. Looking forward to your
work for the year ahead and beyond.
Alicia Lavine there of BNY Wealth, the
chief investment officer. Did you pick
that word deliberately just to wind me
up? Choiceful
>> kind of right.
>> Me
>> can't stand it.
>> You decided to make Jackson Hole an
issue this morning. So fair game.
I I think that you the implication that
I'm simply going there for the beautiful
scenery is absolutely
>> Well, I know you are.
>> Plus some interviews with some Fed
officials.
>> I think that the framework is going to
be very interesting. And if you can't
appreciate the natural beauty of our
national parks, well,
>> I love it.
>> I would love to. I mean, honestly, it's
stunning. There's some incredible hikes.
>> More stunning from the balcony of the
Four Seasons. Maybe the lodge.
>> I didn't realize it was 45. John gave me
the whole debrief and the commercial
break and he's like, "No, it's 45
minutes away."
>> Yeah, it's not in Jackson. Yeah, it's a
problem.
>> So, they just need to move the hotel.
>> If Kevin goes, I might go.
>> And you know what? I'll take you
camping.
>> I I won't be doing that.
>> I will not be going.
>> I won't be doing that. Not a chance. No
way. Alicia Lavine
camping.
>> Not camping.
>> You're in the air. And you know, it's
>> it's the right Alicia Lavine.
>> But the am I can see that. That works.
That's more you. All right. Coming up
tomorrow, Andrew Sheets of Morgan
Stanley, Jim Zer of Avalo, the former
White House senior adviser Amos
Hawkstein, and Nila Richardson of ADP
from New York City. Thank you for
choosing Bloomberg TV. Have a wonderful
day. This was Bloomberg Surveillance.